{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}
{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica;}
{\f10\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 System;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}{\f12\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Fixedsys;}{\f13\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq1 Terminal;}{\f14\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Small Fonts;}{\f15\froman\fcharset255\fprq2 Roman;}
{\f16\fscript\fcharset255\fprq2 Script;}{\f17\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq2 Modern;}{\f18\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Dialog;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Dialog Light;}{\f20\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS SystemEx;}{\f21\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Marlett;}
{\f22\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Wingdings;}{\f23\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Book Antiqua;}{\f24\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Monotype Sorts;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Narrow;}{\f26\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Bookman Old Style;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Century Gothic;}{\f28\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Monotype Corsiva;}{\f29\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Century Schoolbook;}{\f30\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 MT Extra;}{\f31\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 MS LineDraw;}
{\f32\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Algerian;}{\f33\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f34\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Braggadocio;}{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Britannic Bold;}{\f36\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Brush Script MT;}
{\f37\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Colonna MT;}{\f38\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Desdemona;}{\f39\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Footlight MT Light;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Impact;}{\f41\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Kino MT;}{\f42\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Wide Latin;}
{\f43\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f44\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Playbill;}{\f45\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 DECtech;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Haettenschweiler;}
{\f48\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 New York;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Geneva;}{\f50\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Wingdings 3;}{\f51\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Stop;}{\f52\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Peignot Medium;}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Eurostile;}
{\f54\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Gill Sans Ultra Bold;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura;}{\f56\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 BriemScript;}{\f57\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Stencil;}{\f58\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Gradl;}{\f59\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Castellar;}
{\f60\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Elephant;}{\f61\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Baskerville Old Face;}{\f62\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Contemporary Brush;}{\f63\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Wingdings 2;}{\f64\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Eckmann;}
{\f65\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Parade;}{\f66\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 New Caledonia;}{\f67\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Ransom;}{\f68\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Harrington;}{\f69\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Augsburger Initials;}{\f70\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Onyx;}
{\f71\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Bell MT;}{\f72\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Centaur;}{\f73\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Old English Text MT;}{\f74\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Edda;}{\f75\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Mistral;}{\f76\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Vivaldi;}
{\f77\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Bauhaus 93;}{\f78\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial MT Black;}{\f79\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Benguiat Frisky ATT;}{\f80\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Poster Bodoni ATT;}{\f81\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Gill Sans MT Shadow;}
{\f82\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Goudy Old Style ATT;}{\f83\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Graphite Light ATT;}{\f84\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Graphite Light Narrow ATT;}{\f85\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Lucida Casual;}{\f86\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Milestones;}
{\f87\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Phyllis ATT;}{\f88\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Signet Roundhand ATT;}{\f89\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 WP Phonetic;}{\f90\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP MathExtendedB;}{\f91\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 WP BoxDrawing;}
{\f92\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP IconicSymbolsB;}{\f93\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP Greek Helve;}{\f94\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP MathExtendedA;}{\f95\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 WP CyrillicA;}{\f96\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP Japanese;}{\f97\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP MathB;}
{\f98\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP IconicSymbolsA;}{\f99\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP Arabic Sihafa;}{\f100\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 WP MultinationalA Roman;}{\f101\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 WP CyrillicB;}{\f102\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP MultinationalB Roman;}
{\f103\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 WP Greek Courier;}{\f104\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP MathA;}{\f105\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP ArabicScript Sihafa;}{\f106\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP Greek Century;}{\f107\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP TypographicSymbols;}
{\f108\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP Hebrew David;}{\f109\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP MultinationalA Helve;}{\f110\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 WP MultinationalB Helve;}{\f111\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 WP MultinationalA Courier;}
{\f112\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 WP MultinationalB Courier;}{\f113\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Ribbon131 Bd BT;}{\f114\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Humanst521 Lt BT;}{\f115\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 GeoSlab703 Lt BT;}{\f116\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Swis721 BlkEx BT;}
{\f117\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Humanst521 Cn BT;}{\f118\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Onyx BT;}{\f119\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 CaslonOpnface BT;}{\f120\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 EngraversGothic BT;}{\f121\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 ShelleyVolante BT;}
{\f122\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 BernhardMod BT;}{\f123\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Arrus BT;}{\f124\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 OzHandicraft BT;}{\f125\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Black;}{\f126\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}
{\f127\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 1;}{\f128\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 2;}{\f129\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 3;}{\f130\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Abadi MT Condensed;}
{\f131\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Abadi MT Condensed Extra Bold;}{\f132\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Abadi MT Condensed Light;}{\f133\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 American Uncial;}{\f134\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Beesknees ITC;}
{\f135\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Bernard MT Condensed;}{\f136\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Bradley Hand ITC;}{\f137\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Broadway;}{\f138\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Calisto MT;}{\f139\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Comic Sans MS;}
{\f140\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Cooper Black;}{\f141\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Copperplate Gothic Bold;}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Copperplate Gothic Light;}{\f143\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Curlz MT;}{\f144\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Felix Titling;}
{\f145\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Forte;}{\f146\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 French Script MT;}{\f147\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Goudy Old Style;}{\f148\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Goudy Stout;}{\f149\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Harlow Solid Italic;}
{\f150\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Imprint MT Shadow;}{\f151\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Juice ITC;}{\f152\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Kunstler Script;}{\f153\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Lucida Calligraphy;}{\f154\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Lucida Handwriting;}
{\f155\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Lucida Sans;}{\f156\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Maiandra GD;}{\f157\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Matisse ITC;}{\f158\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Mead Bold;}{\f159\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Mercurius Script MT Bold;}
{\f160\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Modern No. 20;}{\f161\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Monotype Sorts 2;}{\f162\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 OCRB;}{\f163\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Palace Script MT;}{\f164\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Pepita MT;}
{\f165\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Perpetua Titling MT;}{\f166\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Placard Condensed;}{\f167\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Rage Italic;}{\f168\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Rockwell;}{\f169\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Rockwell Extra Bold;}
{\f170\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Runic MT Condensed;}{\f171\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Script MT Bold;}{\f172\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Snap ITC;}{\f173\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Tempus Sans ITC;}{\f174\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Viner Hand ITC;}
{\f175\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Vladimir Script;}{\f176\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 MS Reference 1;}{\f177\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 MS Reference 2;}{\f178\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Mediascape OSD Icon;}{\f179\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Legend;}
{\f180\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Sports;}{\f181\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Art;}{\f182\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Cartoon;}{\f183\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Hallo;}{\f184\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Epitaph;}{\f185\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Elegant;}{\f186\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Fancy;}
{\f187\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Cuisine;}{\f188\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Engravers MT;}{\f189\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Flexure;}{\f190\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 OCR A Extended;}{\f191\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Rockwell Condensed;}
{\f192\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Vacation MT;}{\f193\froman\fcharset161\fprq0 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f194\froman\fcharset238\fprq0 Times New Roman CE;}{\f195\froman\fcharset204\fprq0 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f196\froman\fcharset162\fprq0 Times New Roman Turkish;}{\f197\froman\fcharset186\fprq0 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f198\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq0 Arial Greek;}{\f199\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq0 Arial CE;}{\f200\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq0 Arial Cyr;}
{\f201\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq0 Arial Turkish;}{\f202\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq0 Arial Baltic;}{\f203\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 LinePrinter;}{\f204\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 CG Times;}{\f205\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Univers;}{\f206\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 barcod39;}
{\f207\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 USPS Bar Code;}{\f208\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 MF LineDraw;}{\f209\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 FoxPrint;}{\f210\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Birds;}{\f211\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 PostMateDemo;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\i\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f4 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\i\f4 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \f5\fs22 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \i\f5\fs22 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{\s8\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{
\s9\sb240\sa60\nowidctlpar \i\f5\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 header;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 
footer;}{\*\cs17 \additive\fs20 \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s18\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 List;}{\s19\fi-360\li720\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext19 List 2;}{\s20\fi-360\li1080\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext20 
List 3;}{\s21\fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 List Bullet;}{\s22\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 List Continue;}{\s23\li720\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext23 List Continue 2;}{\s24\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext24 Body Text;}{\s25\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext25 Body Text Indent;}{\s26\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon25\snext26 Body Text 3;}{
\s27\li360\sa120\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \sbasedon25\snext27 Body Text 4;}}{\info{\title the works}{\author Glenn Luxenberg}{\operator Melanie Haskell}{\creatim\yr1997\mo10\dy17\hr17\min27}{\revtim\yr1998\mo1\dy19\hr15\min47}
{\printim\yr1998\mo1\dy22\hr15\min9}{\version1}{\edmins6}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49213}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\aftnnar\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\endnhere\colno1\colw8640 {\header \pard\plain 
\s15\qc\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 {\b\fs24 FEC ELECTRONIC FILE FORMAT} 
\par VERSION 2.00     October 30, 1997
\par }{\footer \pard\plain \s16\qc\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \f4\fs20 {\cs17 Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs17 page }}{\fldrslt {\cs17 57}}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f4\fs20 {\v 
\par }
\par \pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20     {\b\fs24\ul GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b FORM TYPE
\par }\tab FORM TYPE  refers to the combination of the FEC form and other important identifying indicators.  For the general forms the format is form type, amendment indicator i.e.:  F3A, F3PN.  The Amendment Y/N check boxes will be \ldblquote Yes\rdblquote 
 if  the \lquote A\rquote  indicator is included in the Form Type - otherwise they will be assumed to be \ldblquote No\rdblquote .  If the Report Type is indicated as a \ldblquote Termination Report\rdblquote , a \lquote T\rquote 
 indicator will be included in the Form Type (for quick identification purposes) UNLESS the \lquote A\rquote  amendment indicator supersedes the \lquote T\rquote  indicator.
\par More complicated are form types from the schedules, which indicate the schedule (SA) and the line from the core form that the record relates to (i.e. SA15A).
\par 
\par {\b FEC ID NUMBER - FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER, FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER
\par }\tab All references to \ldblquote FEC ID NUMBER\rdblquote  indicate that the field contains a FEC assigned identification number.  All committee ID numbers begin with a \lquote C\rquote 
 and all candidate ID numbers begin with: S (senate), H (house), P (presidential).  All FEC id numbers are 9 characters long with no spaces.
\par 
\par This document has been changed to include more detail and to insure consistency.
\par \tab For example, in Form 1, the line:
\par 2.   ID NUMBER\tab  FEC ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par \tab has been changed to:
\par 2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par  (which reflects that only committees will file the document.)
\par 
\par Please note, certain lines will have identifying words included; these exist {\b only} to aid in identifying the type of committee included in the field.  For example:
\par 2.  FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER (PCC)\tab (A/N-9)
\par 9.  FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER (ACCOUNT)\tab (A/N-9)
\par 
\par {\b COMMITTEE NAME - COMMITTEE NAME
\par }All committee names are a maximum of 90 characters long.
\par 
\par {\b ORGANIZATION TYPE - ORGANIZATION TYPE
\par }The FEC interest group codes match the boxes on the form exactly.  Options are: \lquote C\rquote , \lquote T\rquote , \lquote L\rquote , \lquote M\rquote , \lquote V\rquote , \lquote W\rquote .  See Appendix.{\b 
\par }
\par {\b CANDIDATE NAME - CANDIDATE NAME
\par }All candidate names are a maximum of 38 characters long.
\par 
\par {\b STREET ADDRESS 1/2 - STREET 1, STREET 2
\par }All street addresses are a maximum of 34 characters long.
\par If only one line of street address is given, it should be coded in Street 1, and Street 2 should be blank.
\par 
\par {\b CITY - CITY
\par }All city indicators are a maximum of 18 characters long.
\par 
\par {\b STATE CODE - STATE / ELECTION STATE
\par }All state indicators are 2 character codes.  The Appendix includes a listing of  special state codes.  State codes referring to addresses are indicated by STATE, references to the state in which a candidate is running are referred to as ELECTION STATE. 

\par 
\par {\b ZIP CODE - ZIP
\par }All zip codes are 9 characters long, four trailing spaces are acceptable.
\par 
\par {\b DATES - DATE}
\par All dates are eight numeric characters.  The dates are in the format CCYYMMDD.  In this text many dates are followed by identifiers such as:  DATE (OF CONTRIBUTION).   However, implementation of the \ldblquote Header Record\rdblquote 
 allows for the specification of dates in either CCYYMMDD or MMDDCCYY formats.
\par 
\par {\b AMOUNTS
\par }
Amount fields are 12 characters maximum.  They must be numeric (with two exceptions).  A leading minus (-) sign is used to indicate negative amount values.  An explicit decimal point (.) must be imbedded with 2 numeric decimal positions following the poin
t.  However, implementation of the \ldblquote Header Record\rdblquote   allows for the specification of amounts with either explicit decimal point (e.g. 999.99, 0.05, -100.00) representation,  or \ldblquote implicit\rdblquote 
 decimal representation (e.g. 99999, 005, -10000).  With implicit decimal  point representation, the last two (2) digits are interpreted to be cents.
\par 
\par {\b RATES
\par }Interest rates are generally coded as numeric amounts, however up to 15 characters of text is acceptable.  Rates can be expressed in terms such as \ldblquote Prime + 1%\rdblquote 
 for example.  If the rate is expressed as a percentage then it must be coded as a 4-digit percent (i.e. 4 decimal places with/without an explicit decimal point).  For example: .0500 or 0865 are interpreted as 5% or 8.65%.
\par The maximum field length for \ldblquote text\rdblquote  rates is 15 bytes.
\par The maximum field length for numeric rates is 5 bytes
\par 
\par {\b INDIVIDUAL\rquote S NAMES - IND/NAME
\par }All individual names are a maximum of 38 characters.  
\par To accommodate the variety of situations, the following has been implemented for the name field. Each name field may contain the following elements:
\par \tab Lastname (or Business name)
\par \tab Firstname (plus all middle initials and/or middle names)
\par \tab Prefix (such as Dr., Ms. or Mr.)
\par \tab Suffix (such as Jr., Sr.)
\par Accordingly, the name field is sub-delimited with a carrot (^) so that a name field record would appear as follows:
\par \tab \ldblquote Lastname^Firstname^Prefix^Suffix\rdblquote 
\par Some examples follow:
\par \tab Dr. John W. Smith, Jr. would be shown as: \ldblquote Smith^John W.^Dr.^Jr.\rdblquote 
\par \tab Smith Medical Corporation would be: \ldblquote Smith Medical Corporation\rdblquote 
\par \tab Ms. Jennifer T. Smith-Reilly would be \ldblquote Smith-Reilly^Jennifer T.^Ms.\rdblquote 
\par 
\par {\b INDIVIDUAL\rquote S EMPLOYER - INDEMP
\par }All individual employers fields are now a maximum of 38 characters. 
\par 
\par {\b INDIVIDUAL\rquote S OCCUPATION - INDOCC
\par }Previously in this document the individual occupation f
ield was listed at 34 characters.  It has been changed  so that all individual occupation fields are now a maximum of 38 characters.  The original logic was that the disclosure database contains 35 character names.
\par 
\par {\b CANDIDATE OFFICE - CAN/OFF
\par }The candidate office field is a one character alpha code;  \lquote H\rquote  represents house, \lquote S\rquote  represents senate, and \lquote P\rquote  represents presidential. 
\par {\b 
\par CANDIDATE DISTRICT - CAN/DIST
\par }Candidate districts consist of two numeric characters.  The only acceptable responses are
\par blank, and 00 through 99.
\par {\b 
\par 
\par PARTY DESIGNATIONS - PTY/CODE
\par }Candidates and some committees declare their party affiliations.  This should be a three character code and is optional in all cases.  A full list of these party codes is included in the Appendix.
\par 
\par {\b TITLE - TITLE
\par }All titles are a maximum of 20 characters long.
\par 
\par {\b TELEPHONE NUMBER - TELEPHONE
\par }Telephone numbers, when reported contain 10 numeric characters.
\par 
\par {\b REPORT CODE - RPTCODE
\par }Report code consists of  three alpha-numeric characters.  The acceptable report codes are included in the Appendix. 
\par 
\par {\b ELECTION TYPE (REPORTS) - RPTPGI
\par }Election types, when referring to the basic reports, can only indicate elections within the election cycle that is being reported.  Therefore the only acceptable responses are: \lquote C\rquote , \lquote G\rquote , \lquote P\rquote , \lquote R\rquote , 
\lquote S\rquote .  A full list of these codes is listed in the Appendix. 
\par 
\par {\b ELECTION TYPE (ITEMIZED) - ITEM-ELECT-CD
\par }In reference to the individual transactions reported on the various schedules, election types indicate elections within the election cycle that is being reported and past and future elections.   See Appendix.
\par If Other is coded, the ITEM-ELECT-OTHER description must also be coded.
\par 
\par {\b CONVENTION COMMITTEE TYPE -CONVENTION TYPE
\par }Form 4 gives a selection for type of convention committee.  The choices are: Arrangements, Host and Other.  Included is a 40 character area for a description of the \ldblquote Other\rdblquote .
\par 
\par {\b SEQUENCE NUMBER - SEQUENCE NUMBER
\par }In the schedules the format calls for a user generated sequence number, this number is to be used to identify transactions especially for amendments.
\par 
\par {\b COMMUNICATION COSTS SUPPORT/OPPOSE - 24F24N
\par }Communication costs may be reported on Form 7.   The support/oppose difference is identified as 24F and 24N, these being the only acceptable entries in the field.  Data is represented by an \lquote S\rquote  or an \lquote O\rquote 
.  Data translation is done by equating \lquote S\rquote  with \lquote 24F\rquote  and  \lquote O\rquote  with \lquote 24N\rquote .
\par 
\par {\b INDEPENDENT EXPENDITURES SUPPORT/OPPOSE - 24A24E
\par }Communication costs may be reported on Schedule E and Form 5.   The  support/oppose difference is identified as 24A and 24E, these being the only acceptable entries in the field.  Data is represented by an \lquote S\rquote  or an \lquote O\rquote 
.  Data translation is done by equating \lquote S\rquote  with \lquote 24E\rquote  and \lquote O\rquote  with \lquote 24A\rquote .
\par 
\par {\b TYPE OF RECEIPT - RECEIPTCODE 
\par }Schedule SA\rquote s layout contains both a receipt code field, where \lquote P\rquote =Primary, \lquote G\rquote =General, and \lquote O\rquote 
=Other, and a transaction description field.  One or the other of the fields are optional, however one must be entered.  The transaction may further be described in the Memo field.
\par 
\par {\b TYPE OF DISBURSEMENT - DISBURSECODE
\par }Schedule SB\rquote s layout contains both a disbursement code field, where \lquote P\rquote =Primary, \lquote G\rquote =General and \lquote O\rquote 
=Other, and a transaction description field.  One or the other of the fields are optional however one must be entered.  The transaction may further described in the Memo field.
\par 
\par {\b PURPOSE OF TRANSACTION - TRANSDESC
\par }A description of  itemized transactions, with a maximum of 40 characters.  
\par {\b DESCRIPTION FIELD - DESC
\par }There are many general text fields that are required throughout these forms and Schedules.  Many are in response to the YESNO (below) questions on the forms.  The DESC fields range from 20 to 300 maximum characters.
\par 
\par {\b MEMO ENTRY- MEMO
\par }
Many  itemized transactions have a Memo entry to allow the filers to provide a more complete description of the activity.  Maximum 100 characters.  Memo Text is available on itemized amounts on Schedules A and B - amounts which are totaled and carried bac
k to the Summary Page of the filing.  In addition a Memo Code indicates that the amount is NOT to be included in the itemization total.
\par 
\par {\b YES/NO BOXES - YESNO
\par }Several Forms and Schedules contain yes/no boxes, the questions are generally different for each form and can determine the need for further response in another field.  Unless otherwise noted, Check Boxes are evaluated to be \ldblquote checked\rdblquote 
 or \ldblquote empty\rdblquote  based on the data content of the related field in the Comma-Separated-Value (CSV) file.
\par Box = \ldblquote Checked\rdblquote  when CSV value is \lquote X\rquote , \lquote Y\rquote , \lquote 1\rquote  or \lquote T\rquote  (value \lquote X\rquote  is preferred)
\par Box = \ldblquote Empty\rdblquote  when CSV value is blank, \lquote N\rquote , \lquote 0\rquote  or \lquote F\rquote     (space or null is preferred)
\par 
\par {\b AMENDED RECORD - AMENDED
\par }Each applicable schedule contains an \ldblquote Amended\rdblquote  field. This field is to be used to indicate which records constitute \ldblquote amended\rdblquote  records.
\par Values:\tab \lquote A\rquote =New (Added) Record, \lquote C\rquote =Changed Record, and \lquote D\rquote =Deleted Record.
\par {\b 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b\fs24\ul 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par FORM 1 - STATEMENT OF ORGANIZATION
\par }{\fs24 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\par 1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-4)\tab \tab REQUIRED  value=F1 plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , or \lquote S\rquote  
\par The S is used to indicate secondary record information such as another bank account. There is no limit on the number of  'S' type records, which should always be positioned after an 'N' or 'A' Type 
\par 2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab If a \lquote N\rquote  (New) - REQUIRED
\par 4.   STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34) \tab If a \lquote N\rquote  (New) - REQUIRED
\par 5.   STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34) \tab If a \lquote N\rquote  (New) - REQUIRED
\par 6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab If a \lquote N\rquote  (New) - REQUIRED
\par 7.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2) \tab \tab If a \lquote N\rquote  (New) - REQUIRED
\par 8.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab If a \lquote N\rquote  (New) - REQUIRED
\par 9.   DATE    (Submitted)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par 10.   CHG OF COMMITTEE NAME\tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par 11.   CHG OF ADDRESS\tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par 12.   COMMITTEE TYPE\tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab REQ. (A through F-see Appendix)
\par 13.  FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab (A/N-9)
\par 14.  CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par 15.  CAN / OFFICE \tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab (\lquote H\rquote , \lquote P\rquote , or \lquote S\rquote )
\par 16.  CAN / STATE  (of Election)\tab \tab (A-2)\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par 17.  CAN / DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab 
\par 18.  PARTY CODE\tab \tab \tab (A-3)\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par 19.  PARTY TYPE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-3 )\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par 20.   FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER\tab (A/N-9)
\par 21.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par 22.   STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 23.   STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 24.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par 25.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par 26.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)  
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20 27. \tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf4\pnfs20\pnstart27\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta . }}RELATIONSHIP (w/ Above Cmte)\tab (A/N-38) 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20 28. \tab}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\*\pn \pnlvlbody\pndec\pnb0\pni0\pnf4\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta . }}ORGANIZATION TYPE\tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 29.   IND/NAME  (Custodian Name)\tab (A/N-38)
\par 30.   STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 31.   STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 32.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par 33.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par 34.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 35.   TITLE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-20)
\par 36.   TELEPHONE\tab \tab \tab (NUM-10)
\par 37   IND/NAME  (Treasurer)\tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par 38   STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 39   STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 40   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par 41   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par 42   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 43   TITLE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-20)
\par 44   TELEPHONE\tab \tab \tab (NUM-10)
\par 45   IND/NAME  (Designated Agent)\tab (A/N-38)
\par 46   STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 47   STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 48   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par 49   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par 50   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-9)
\par 51   TITLE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-20)
\par 52   TELEPHONE\tab \tab \tab (NUM-10)
\par 53.  IND/NAME  (Bank/Other)\tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par 54.  STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 55.  STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 56.  CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par 57.  STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par 58.  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) 
\par 59.  IND/NAME  (Treasurer)\tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par 60.  DATE  (Signed)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8) \tab REQUIRED
\par 
\par Notes:
\par 
\par    REQUIRED CHECKS:
\par       If response in field 12 is A,B,C and AI = "N" fields 13 -18  must be  completed.  However, if field 13
\par       contains a valid FEC CANDIDATE ID number, then fields 14 - 18  are optional.
\par 
\par       If response to field 12 is D and AI = "N" fields 18 - 19  must be completed.
\par 
\par {\b\fs24\ul END OF FORM 1
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\ul \page }{\b\fs24\ul FORM 1M - NOTIFICATION OF MULTICANDIDATE STATUS
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\par {\b 
\par }   1.   FORM TYPE \tab \tab \tab (A/N-4)\tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F1M  plus \lquote N\rquote  or \lquote A\rquote 
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par    8.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    9.   COMMITTEE TYPE\tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab (\ldblquote State Party\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Other\rdblquote )
\par 
\par By affiliation 
\par   10.   DATE  (Of Affiliation)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   11.   FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER\tab (A/N-9)
\par   12.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par 
\par By qualification  (if one is entered five (5) must be entered, unless a state party cmte)
\par   13.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   14.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   15.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab (\lquote H\rquote , \lquote P\rquote , or \lquote S\rquote )
\par   16.   STATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par   17.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   18.   DATE  (Of Contribution)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   
\par   19.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   20.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   21.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   22.   STATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   23.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   24.   DATE  (Of Contribution)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par 
\par   25.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9) 
\par   26.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   27.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   28.   STATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   29.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   30.   DATE  (Of Contribution)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par 
\par   31.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   32.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   33.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   34.   STATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   35.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   36.   DATE   (Of Contribution)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   
\par   37.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   38.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   39.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-1)
\par   40.   STATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   41.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   42.   DATE  (Of Contribution)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   43.   DATE  (Of 51st Contributor)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   44.   DATE  (Of Orig Registration)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   45.   DATE  (Cmte Met Requirements)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   46.   IND/NAME  (Treasurer)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38) \tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   47.   DATE  (Signed)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8) \tab REQUIRED
\par 
\par \tab RULES:
\par 
\par \tab REQUIRED FIELDS:  Are as noted, however if items 10-12 or items
\par \tab 13 - 45  are blank there is no reason for the filer to file the report.
\par 
\par \tab If the filer reports Mulitcandidate status by Affiliation and
\par \tab reports field 10 and 11 (or 10 and 12).  Fields 13 through
\par \tab 45 should be blank.
\par 
\par \tab If the filer does not report fields 10-12 ALL 5 candidate 
\par \tab information fields (with automatic options for FEC ID's) must
\par \tab be filled in as well as fields 43 through 45.
\par \tab 
\par {\b\fs24\ul END OF FORM 1M
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b\fs24\ul \page FORM 2 - STATEMENT OF CANDIDACY
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\par {\b NOTE: All Form 2\rquote s are NEW.  There is nowhere on the form to indicate an amendment.
\par }
\par 1.    FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-4)\tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F2
\par 2.    FILER FEC CMTE ID \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 3.    CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38){\b  }\tab REQUIRED{\b 
\par }4.    STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34) \tab REQUIRED
\par 5.    STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34) \tab REQUIRED
\par 6.    CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab REQUIRED
\par 7.    STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 8.    ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 9.    PTY/CODE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-3)\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par 10.  CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-1) \tab \tab REQUIRED (\lquote H\rquote , \lquote P\rquote or, \lquote S\rquote )
\par 11.  STATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2) \tab \tab REQUIRED (See Appendix)
\par 12.  CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2) \tab REQUIRED
\par 13.  YEAR OF ELECTION 1900-2999\tab \tab (NUM-4)
\par 14.   FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER (PCC)\tab (A/N-9)
\par 15.   COMMITTEE NAME (PCC)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par 16.   STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 17.   STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 18.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par 19.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par 20.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 21.   FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER (Auth)\tab (A/N-9)
\par 22.   COMMITTEE NAME  (Auth)\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par 23.   STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 24.   STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 25.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par 26.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par 27.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 28.   NAME   \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par 29.   DATE  (Signed)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8) \tab REQUIRED
\par 
\par {\b\fs24\ul END OF FORM 2
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b \page }{\b\fs24\ul FORM 3 - REPORT OF RECEIPTS AND DISBURSEMENTS FOR AN AUTHORIZED COMMITTEE
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\par {\b    }1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-4) \tab \tab REQUIRED value = F3
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , or \lquote T\rquote 
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par    8.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    9    CHG OF ADDRESS\tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   10.  ELECTION STATE\tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par   11.  ELECTION DISTRICT\tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   12.  RPTCODE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED (See Appendix)
\par   13.  RPTPGI\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par   14.  DATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   15.  STATE (Of Election)\tab \tab (A-2)
\par   Activity for:
\par   16.   PRIMARY\tab ELECTION \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   17.   GENERAL ELECTION\tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   18.    SPECIAL ELECTION \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   19.    RUNOFF\tab ELECTION \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par 
\par   20.  DATE (Coverage From)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   21.  DATE (Coverage To)\tab \tab (NUM-8) \tab REQUIRED
\par 
\par \pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b\fs24      COLUMN A THIS PERIOD}{\fs24  
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
(The number following the field number is the line number appearing on the printed FEC Form 3, and information derived from other places in the record are shown with both the field number and line number of the original information.  All amount fields are
 AMT-12 format.)
\par 
\par   {\ul 6. }{\caps\ul Net Contributions}{\ul  (other than loans):}
\par   22.     (6a) Total Contributions (NO Loans)
\par \tab \tab 37. (line 11(e))
\par   23.     (6b) Total Contribution Refunds
\par \tab \tab 53. (line 20(d))
\par   24.     (6c) Net Contributions
\par \tab \tab 22.-23. (6a-6b)
\par \tab 
\par   {\ul 7. }{\caps\ul Net Operating Expenditures:}
\par   25.     (7a) Total Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 45. (line 17)
\par   26.     (7b) Total Offset to Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 42. (line 14)
\par   27.     (7c) NET Operating Expenditures.
\par \tab \tab 25.-26. (7a-7b)
\par   28.      8. CASH ON HAND AT CLOSE OF REPORTING PD:
\par              \tab \tab 60. (line 27)
\par   29.      9. DEBTS TO ( Totals from SCH C and/or D)
\par   30.      10. DEBTS BY (Totals from SCH C and/or D)
\par {\b   
\par 
\par  I.  RECEIPTS   
\par }  {\ul 11. CONTRIBUTIONS (other than loans) FROM:
\par }  31.     11(a i.) Individuals Itemized
\par \tab \tab Schedule A
\par {\b  } 32.     11(a.ii) Individuals Unitemized
\par   33.     11(a.iii) Individual Contribution Total
\par \tab \tab 31+32 (11(a.i)+11(a.ii))
\par   34.     11(b) Political Party Committees
\par   35.     11(c) Other Political Committees
\par   36.     11(d) The Candidate
\par   37.     11(e) Total Contributions
\par \tab \tab 33.+34.+35.+36. (11(a.iii)+11(b)+11(c)+11(d)
\par   38.     12. Transfers  From Other Authorized Committees
\par \tab  
\par   {\ul 13. LOANS
\par }  39.     13(a) Loans made or guarn. by the Candidate
\par   40.     13(b) All Other Loans
\par   41.     13(c) Total Loans
\par \tab \tab 39.+40. (13(a)+13(b))
\par   42.     14. Offsets to Operating Expenditures
\par   43      15. Other Receipts
\par   44      16. Total Receipts
\par \tab \tab 37.+38.+41.+42.+43. (11(e)+12+13(c)+14+15)
\par 
\par   {\b II.  DISBURSEMENTS\tab }\tab \tab 
\par   45.     17. Operating Expenditures
\par   46.     18. Transfers to Other Authorized Committees
\par {\ul   
\par } {\b  }{\ul 19. LOAN REPAYMENTS:
\par }  47.     19(a) Of Loans made or guar. by the Candidate
\par   48.     19(b) Loan Repayments, All Other Loans
\par   49.     19(c) Total Loan Repayments
\par \tab \tab 47.+48. (19(a)+19(b))
\par 
\par    {\ul 20. REFUNDS OF CONTRIBUTIONS TO:}
\par   50.     20(a) Refund/Individuals Other than Pol. Cmtes
\par   51.     20(b) Refund/Political Party Committees
\par   52.     20(c) Refund/Other Political Committees
\par   53.     20(d) Total Contribution Refunds
\par \tab \tab 50.+51.+52. (20(a)+20(b)+20(c))
\par   54.     21. Other Disbursements
\par   55.     22. Total Disbursements
\par \tab \tab 45.+46.+49.+53.+54. (17+18+19(c)+20(d)+21)
\par 
\par {\b    III.  CASH SUMMARY
\par }   56.    23. Cash Beginning Reporting Period\tab 
\par    57.    24. Total Receipts this Period
\par \tab \tab field 44 (line 16)
\par    58.    25. SubTotal)
\par \tab \tab 56.+57. (23+24)
\par    59.    26. Total Disbursements this Period
\par \tab \tab field 55 (line 22)
\par    60.    27. Cash on hand at Close Period
\par \tab \tab 58.-59. (25-26)
\par 
\par \pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tab \tab {\b\fs24 COLUMN B CALENDAR YEAR-TO-DATE}
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\par    {\ul 6. }{\caps\ul Net Contributions}{\ul  (other than loans)
\par }  61.     (6a) Total Contributions (No Loans)\tab 
\par \tab \tab 73 (line 11(e)
\par   62.     (6b) Total Contribution Refunds
\par \tab \tab 89 (line 20d))
\par   63.     (6c) Net Contributions
\par \tab \tab 61-62 (6a-6b)
\par \tab 
\par   {\ul 7. }{\caps\ul Net Operating Expenditures}{\ul 
\par }  64.     (7a) Total Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 81. (line 17)
\par   65.     (7b) Total Offsets to Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 78. (line 14)
\par   66.     (7c) NET Operating Expenditures.
\par \tab \tab 64-65 (7a-7b)
\par   
\par   {\b I.  RECEIPTS
\par }  {\ul 11. CONTRIBUTIONS (other than loans) FROM:}
\par   67.     11(a.i) Individuals Itemized
\par   68.     11(a.ii) Individuals Unitemized
\par   69.     11(a.iii) Individuals Total
\par \tab \tab 67+68 (11(a.i)+11(a.ii))
\par   70.     11(b) Political Party Committees
\par   71.     11(c) All Other Political Committees (PACS)
\par   72.     11(d) The Candidate
\par   73.     11(e) Total Contributions
\par \tab \tab 69+70+71+72 (11(a.iii)+11(b)+11(c)+11(d)
\par   74.     12. Transfers From Other AUTH Committees
\par 
\par   {\ul 13. LOANS:
\par }  75.     13(a) Loans made or guarn. by the Candidate
\par   76.     13(b) All Other Loans
\par   77.     13(c) Total Loans
\par \tab \tab 75+76 (13(a)+13(b))
\par   78.     14. Offsets to Operating Expenditures\tab 
\par   79.     15. Other Receipts
\par   80.     16. Total Receipts
\par \tab \tab 73+74+77+78+79 (11(e)+12+13(c)+14+15)
\par 
\par {\b   II.  DISBURSEMENTS\tab \tab }
\par   81.     17 Operating Expenditures
\par   82.     18. Transfers To Other AUTH Committees
\par 
\par   {\ul 19. LOAN REPAYMENTS
\par }  83.     19(a) Loan Repayment By Candidate
\par   84.     19(b) Loan Repayments,  ALL Other Loans
\par   85.     19(c) Total Loan Repayments
\par \tab \tab 83+84 (19(a)+19(b))
\par   {\ul 20. REFUNDS OF CONTRIBUTIONS TO:
\par }  86.     20(a) Refund/Individuals Other than Pol. Cmtes
\par   87.     20(b) Refund, Political Party Committees
\par   88.     20(c) Refund, Other Political Committees
\par   89.     20(d) Total Contributions Refunds
\par \tab \tab 86+87+88     (20(a)+20(b)+20(c))
\par   90.     21. Other Disbursements
\par   91.     22. Total Disbursements
\par \tab \tab 81+82+85+89+90    (17+18+19(c)+20(d)+21)
\par   92.   IND/NAME   (Treasurer)\tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   93.   DATE   (Signed)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par \tab 
\par RULES:   If field 12  (report code) begins with a "12" or a "30" fields 13, 14 & 15 are REQUIRED.
\par 
\par \tab COLUMN A CHECKS:
\par \tab FIELD 22  (6a)\tab \tab = FIELD 37  (line 11(e))
\par \tab FIELD 23  (6b)\tab \tab = FIELD 53  (line 20(d))
\par \tab FIELD 24  (6c)\tab \tab = FIELD 22-23  (6a-6b)
\par \tab FIELD 25   (7a)\tab \tab = FIELD 45   (line 17)
\par \tab FIELD 26   (7b)\tab \tab = FIELD 42   (line 14)
\par \tab FIELD 27   (7c)\tab \tab = FIELD 25-26   (7a-7b)
\par \tab FIELD 28   (8)\tab \tab = FIELD 60   (line 27)
\par \tab FIELD 29   (9)\tab \tab = Totals from SCH C and/or D
\par \tab FIELD 30   (10)\tab \tab = Totals from SCH C and/or D
\par \tab FIELD 31   (11(a.i))\tab = Total from  Schedule A
\par \tab FIELD 33   (11(a.iii))\tab = FIELD 31+32   (11(a.i)+11(a.ii))
\par \tab FIELD 37   (11(e))\tab = FIELD 33+34+35+36   (11(a.iii)+11(b)+11(c)+11(d)
\par \tab FIELD 41   (13(c))\tab = FIELD 39+40   (13(a)+13(b))
\par \tab FIELD 44   (16)\tab \tab = FIELD 37+38+41.+42.+43   (11(e)+12+13(c)+14+15)
\par \tab FIELD 49   (19(c))\tab = FIELD 47+48   (19(a)+19(b))
\par \tab FIELD 53   (20(d))\tab = FIELD 50+51+52   (20(a)+20(b)+20(c))
\par \tab FIELD 55   (22)\tab \tab = FIELD 45+46+49+53+54   (17+18+19(c)+20(d)+21)
\par \tab FIELD 57   (24)\tab \tab = FIELD 44  (line 16)
\par \tab FIELD 58   (25)\tab \tab = FIELD 56+57  (23+24)
\par \tab FIELD 59   (26)\tab \tab = FIELD 55  (line 22)
\par \tab FIELD 60   (27)\tab \tab = FIELD 58-59  (25-26)
\par 
\par \tab COLUMN B CHECKS:
\par \tab FIELD 61    (6a)\tab \tab = FIELD 73   (line 11(e)
\par \tab FIELD 62    (6b)\tab \tab = FIELD 89   (line 20d))
\par \tab FIELD 63    (6c)\tab \tab = FIELD 61-62   (6a-6b)\tab 
\par \tab FIELD 64    (7a)\tab \tab = FIELD 81   (line 17)
\par \tab FIELD 65    (7b)\tab \tab = FIELD 78   (line 14)
\par \tab FIELD 66    (7c)\tab \tab = FIELD 64-65   (7a-7b)
\par \tab FIELD 69    (11(a.iii))\tab = FIELD 67+68   (11(a.i)+11(a.ii))
\par \tab FIELD 73    (11(e))\tab = FIELD 69+70+71+72   (11(a.iii)+11(b)+11(c)+11(d)
\par \tab FIELD 77    (13(c))\tab = FIELD 75+76   (13(a)+13(b))
\par \tab FIELD 80    (16)\tab \tab = FIELD 73+74+77+78+79   (11(e)+12+13(c)+14+15)
\par \tab FIELD 85    (19(c))\tab = FIELD 83+84   (19(a)+19(b))
\par \tab FIELD 89    (20(d))\tab = FIELD 86+87+88   (20(a)+20(b)+20(c))
\par \tab FIELD 91    (22)\tab \tab = FIELD 81+82+85+89+90   (17+18+19(c)+20(d)+21)
\par {\b\fs24\ul END OF FORM 3
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b\fs24\ul \page FORM 3P - REPORT OF RECEIPTS AND DISBURSEMENTS BY AN AUTHORIZED COMMITTEE OF A CANDIDATE FOR THE OFFICE OF PRESIDENT OR VICE-PRESIDENT
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\par    1.  FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-4)\tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F3P
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , \lquote T\rquote      
\par    2.  FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9\tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.  COMMITTEENAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.  STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.  STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.  CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.  STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par    8.  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    9.  CHG OF ADDRESS\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab  blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   10. ACTIVITY PRIMARY\tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab  blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   11. ACTIVITY GENERAL\tab    \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab  blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   12. RPTCODE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED (See Appendix)
\par   13. RPTPGI\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par   14. DATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   15. STATE (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par   16. DATE   (Coverage From)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   17. DATE   (Coverage To)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8) \tab REQUIRED
\par 
\par    (The number following the field number is the line number appearing on the printed FEC Form 3P, and information derived from other places in the record are shown with both the field number and line number of 
the original information.  All amount fields are AMT-12 format.)
\par 
\par   18.       6.  Cash on Hand Beginning Period
\par   19.       7.  Total Receipts
\par \tab \tab FIELD 43   (LINE 22)
\par   20.       8.  SubTotal
\par \tab \tab 18+19   (6+7)
\par   21.       9.  Total Disbursements
\par \tab \tab FIELD 56   (LINE 30)
\par   22.      10.  Cash on Hand Close of Period
\par \tab \tab 20 -21   (8 - 9)
\par   23.      11.  Debts to
\par \tab \tab (SCH C-P AND/OR D-P)
\par   24.      12.  Debts by
\par \tab \tab (SCH C-P AND/OR D-P)
\par   25.      13.  Expenditures Subject to Limits
\par   26.      14.  Net Contributions
\par \tab \tab 118 -139   (LINE 17e col B - line 28d col B)
\par   27.      15.  Net Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 129 -123   (LINE 23 col B - line 20a col B)
\par 
\par \pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tab \tab {\fs24 COLUMN A TOTAL THIS PERIOD
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b   I.  RECEIPTS
\par }  28.      16. Federal Funds
\par   
\par   {\ul 17. CONTRIBUTIONS (Other than loans) FROM: 
\par }  29.      17(a)  Individuals
\par   30.      17(b) Political Party Committees
\par    31.      17(c) Other Political Committees (PACs)
\par    32.     17(d) The Candidate
\par    33.     17(e) Total Contributions
\par \tab               (Other than Loans) 29+30+31+32      (17(a)+17b+17c+17d)
\par    34.      18. Transfers From Aff/Other Party Committees
\par    
\par    {\ul 19. LOANS RECEIVED:
\par }   35.      19(a) Received from or Guaranteed by Candidate
\par    36.      19(b) Other Loans
\par    37.      19(c) Total Loans\tab 
\par \tab \tab 35+36   (19(a)+19(b))
\par    
\par    {\ul 20. OFFSETS TO EXPENDITURES (refunds/rebates):
\par }   38.     20(a) Operating
\par    39.     20(b) Fundraising\tab 
\par    40.     20(c) Legal and Accounting
\par    41.     20(d) Total offsets to Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 38+39+40   (20a+20b+20c)
\par    
\par    42.     21. Other Receipts\tab 
\par    43.     22. Total Receipts
\par \tab \tab 28+33+34+37+41+42       (16+17(e)+18+19(c)+20(d)+21)
\par 
\par {\b    II. DISBURSEMENTS
\par }   44.     23. Operating Expenditures
\par    45.     24. Transfers to Other Authorized Committees
\par    46.     25. Fundraising Disbursements
\par    47.     26. Exempt Legal and Accounting Disbursements\tab 
\par    
\par    {\ul 27. LOAN REPAYMENTS MADE:}\tab \tab 
\par    48.     27(a) Made or guaranteed by Candidate
\par    49.     27(b) Other Repayments
\par    50.     27(c) Total Loan Repayments Made
\par \tab \tab 48+49   (27(a)+27(b))
\par    
\par    {\ul 28. REFUNDS OF CONTRIBUTIONS:}\tab \tab \tab 
\par    51.     28(a) Individuals\tab 
\par    52.     28(b) Political Party Committees
\par    53.     28(c) Other Political Committees
\par    54.     28(d) Total Contributions Refunds
\par \tab \tab 51+52+53   (28(a)+28(b)+28(c))
\par    
\par    55.     29. Other Disbursements
\par    56.     30. Total Disbursements\tab 
\par \tab \tab 44+45+46+47+50+54+55      (23+24+25+26+27(c)+28(d)+29)
\par 
\par    {\b III. CONTRIBUTED ITEMS (Stock, Art Objects, Etc.)}
\par    57.     31. Items on Hand to be Liquidated\tab (AMT-12)
\par {\fs24 
\par ALLOCATION BY STATE THIS PERIOD
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20   58 .   ALABAMA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   59 .   ALASKA\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   60 .   ARIZONA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   61 .   ARKANSAS\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   62 .   CALIFORNIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   63 .   COLORADO\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   64 .   CONNECTICUT\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   65 .   DELAWARE\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   66 .   DIST OF COLUMBIA\tab (AMT-12)
\par   67 .   FLORIDA\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   68 .   GEORGIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   69 .   HAWAII\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   70 .   IDAHO\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   71 .   ILLINOIS\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   72 .   INDIANA\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   73 .   IOWA\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   74 .   KANSAS\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   75 .   KENTUCKY\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   76 .   LOUISIANA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   77 .   MAINE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   78 .   MARYLAND\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   79 .   MASSACHUSETTS\tab (AMT-12)
\par   80 .   MICHIGAN\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   81 .   MINNESOTA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   82 .   MISSISSIPPI\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   83 .   MISSOURI\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   84 .   MONTANA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   85 .   NEBRASKA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   86 .   NEVADA\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   87 .   NEW HAMPSHIRE\tab (AMT-12)
\par   88 .   NEW JERSEY\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   89 .   NEW MEXICO\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   90 .   NEW YORK\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   91 .   NORTH CAROLINA\tab (AMT-12)
\par   92 .   NORTH DAKOTA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   93 .   OHIO\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   94 .   OKLAHOMA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   95 .   OREGON\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   96 .   PENNSYLVANIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   97 .   RHODE ISLAND\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   98 .   SOUTH CAROLINA\tab (AMT-12)
\par   99 .   SOUTH DAKOTA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  100 .   TENNESSEE\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  101 .   TEXAS\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  102 .   UTAH\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  103 .   VERMONT\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  104 .   VIRGINIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  105 .   WASHINGTON\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  106 .   WEST VIRGINIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  107 .   WISCONSIN\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  108 .   WYOMING\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  109 .   PUERTO RICO\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  110 .   GUAM\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  111 .   VIRGIN ISLANDS\tab (AMT-12)
\par  112 .   TOTALS\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab     58+59+60 ... +111     
\par 
\par \pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tab {\fs24 COLUMN B TOTAL THIS YEAR
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b   I.  RECEIPTS
\par }  113.     16. Federal Funds
\par   
\par   {\ul 17. CONTRIBUTIONS (Other than Loans) FROM:
\par }  114.     17(a)  Individuals
\par \tab \tab (Other and Political Committees)
\par   115.     17(b) Political Party Committees
\par   116.     17(c) Other Political Committees (PACs)
\par   117.     17(d) The Candidate
\par   118.     17(e) Total contributions  (Other than Loans)
\par               \tab 114+115+116+117       (17(a)+17b+17c+17d)
\par   119.     18. Transfers From Aff/Other Party Committees
\par  
\par   {\ul 19. LOANS RECEIVED:}
\par   120.     19(a) Received from or Guaranteed  by Candidate
\par   121.     19(b) Other Loans
\par   122.     19(c) Total Loans
\par \tab \tab 120+121   (19(a)+19(b))
\par 
\par   {\ul 20. OFFSETS TO EXPENDITURES (refunds/rebates):
\par }  123.     20(a) Operating
\par   124.     20(b) Fundraising
\par   125.     20(c) Legal and Accounting
\par   126.     20(d) Total Offsets to Operating Expenditures\tab 
\par \tab \tab 123+124+125   (20a+20b+20c)
\par   
\par   127.   21. Other Receipts
\par   128.   22. Total Receipts\tab 
\par \tab \tab 113+118+119+122+126+127    \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (16+17(e)+18+19(c)+20(d)+21)
\par 
\par {\b II.DISBURSEMENTS
\par }  129.   23. Operating Expenditures\tab 
\par   130.   24. Transfers to Other Authorized Committees
\par   131.   25. Fundraising Disbursements
\par   132.   26. Exempt Legal and Accounting Disbursements\tab 
\par \tab 
\par   {\ul 27. LOAN REPAYMENTS MADE:}\tab \tab 
\par   133.     27(a) Made or Guaranteed by the Candidate
\par   134.     27(b) Other Repayments
\par   135.     27(c) Total Loan Repayments Made
\par \tab \tab 133+134   (27(a)+27(b))
\par 
\par   {\ul 28. REFUNDS OF CONTRIB:}.\tab \tab {\ul 
\par }  136.     28(a)  Individuals
\par   137.     28(b) Political Party Committees
\par   138.     28(c) Other Political Committees
\par   139.     28(d) Total Contributions Refunds
\par \tab \tab 136+137+138   (28(a)+28(b)+28(c))
\par 
\par   140.   29. Other Disbursements
\par   
\par 
\par 141.   30. Total Disbursements
\par \tab 129+130+131+132+135+139+140    
\par \tab (23+24+25+26+27(c)+28(d)+29)
\par {\b III. CONTRIBUTED ITEMS (STOCK, ART OBJ. ETC.)
\par }{\fs24 
\par ALLOCATION BY STATE THIS YEAR
\par }
\par  142 .   ALABAMA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  143 .   ALASKA\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  144 .   ARIZONA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  145 .   ARKANSAS\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  146 .   CALIFORNIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  147 .   COLORADO\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  148 .   CONNECTICUT\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  149 .   DELAWARE\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  150 .   DIST OF COLUMBIA\tab (AMT-12)
\par  151 .   FLORIDA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  152 .   GEORGIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  153 .   HAWAII\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  154 .   IDAHO\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  155 .   ILLINOIS\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  156 .   INDIANA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  157 .   IOWA\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  158 .   KANSAS\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  159 .   KENTUCKY\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  160 .   LOUISIANA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  161 .   MAINE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  162 .   MARYLAND\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  163 .   MASSACHUSETTS\tab (AMT-12)
\par  164 .   MICHIGAN\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  165 .   MINNESOTA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  166 .   MISSISSIPPI\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  167 .   MISSOURI\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  168 .   MONTANA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  169 .   NEBRASKA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  170 .   NEVADA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  171 .   NEW HAMPSHIRE\tab (AMT-12)
\par  172 .   NEW JERSEY\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  173 .   NEW MEXICO\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  174 .   NEW YORK\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  175 .   NORTH CAROLINA\tab (AMT-12)
\par  176 .   NORTH DAKOTA\tab (AMT-12)
\par  177 .   OHIO\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  178 .   OKLAHOMA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  179 .   OREGON\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  180 .   PENNSYLVANIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  181 .   RHODE ISLAND\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  182 .   SOUTH CAROLINA\tab (AMT-12)
\par  183 .   SOUTH DAKOTA\tab (AMT-12)
\par  184 .   TENNESSEE\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  185 .   TEXAS\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  186 .   UTAH\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  187 .   VERMONT\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  188 .   VIRGINIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  189 .   WASHINGTON\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  190 .   WEST VIRGINIA\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  191 .   WISCONSIN\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  192 .   WYOMING\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  193 .   PUERTO RICO\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  194 .   GUAM\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par  195 .   VIRGIN ISLANDS\tab (AMT-12)
\par  196 .   TOTALS\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab SUM OF 142..195 = 196\tab 
\par  197 .   IND/NAME  (Treasurer)\tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par  198 .   DATE (Signed)\tab \tab (NUM-8) \tab REQUIRED\tab 
\par RULES:
\par 
\par {\cf6 \tab IF a value is contained in field 57  (Item 31. Items on Hand to be liquidated ), one or more \tab F3P31AL (Form F3P,Line 31 Attached List) records must follow the F3P record.
\par }\tab If field 12 (report code) begins with a "12" or a "30" fields 13, 14 & 15 are REQUIRED
\par 
\par \tab CHECKS:
\par \tab FIELD 19. (LINE 7)\tab \tab =  FIELD 43   (LINE 22)
\par \tab FIELD 20. (LINE 8)\tab \tab =  FIELDS 18+19   (6+7)
\par \tab FIELD 21. (LINE 9)\tab \tab =  FIELD 56   (LINE 30)
\par \tab FIELD 22. (LINE 10)\tab \tab =  FIELD 20 - 21   (8-9)
\par \tab FIELD 23. (LINE 11)\tab \tab =  SCH C-P AND/OR D-P
\par \tab FIELD 24. (LINE 12)\tab \tab =  SCH C-P AND/OR D-P
\par \tab FIELD 26. (LINE 14)\tab \tab =  FIELDS 118 - 139    (17e Col B - 28d Col B)
\par \tab FIELD 27. (LINE 15)\tab \tab =  FIELDS 129 - 123   (23 Col B - 20a Col B)
\par \tab FIELD 33. (LINE 17(e))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 29+30+31+32   (17(a)+17b+17c+17d)
\par \tab FIELD 37. (LINE 19(c))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 35+36    (19(a)+19(b))
\par \tab FIELD 41. (LINE 20(d))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 38+39+40    (20a+20b+20c)
\par \tab FIELD 43. (LINE 22))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 28+33+34+37+41+42   \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab   \tab   \tab \tab    (16+17(e)+18+19(c)+20(d)+21)
\par \tab FIELD 50. (LINE 27(c))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 48+49   (27(a)+27(b))
\par \tab FIELD 54. (LINE 28(d))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 51+52+53   (28(a)+28(b)+28(c))
\par \tab FIELD 56. (LINE 30)\tab \tab =  FIELDS 44+45+46+47+50+54+55
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab    (23+24+25+26+27(c)+28(d)+29)
\par \tab FIELD 112. (STATE TOTALS COL A) = FIELDS  58+59+60 ... + 111   
\par \tab FIELD 118. (LINE 17(e))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 114+115+116+117   \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab    \tab \tab   (17(a)+17b+17c+17d)
\par \tab FIELD 122. (LINE 19(c))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 120+121   (19(a)+19(b))
\par \tab FIELD 126. (LINE 20(d))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 123+124+125   (20a+20b+20c)
\par \tab FIELD 128. (LINE 22)\tab \tab =  FIELDS  113+118+119+122+126+127\tab  \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab     (16+17(e)+18+19(c)+20(d)+21)
\par \tab FIELD 135. (LINE 27(c))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 133+134 (27(a)+27(b))
\par \tab FIELD 139. (LINE 28(d))\tab \tab =  FIELDS 136+137+138    (28(a)+28(b)+28(c))
\par \tab FIELD 141. (LINE 30)\tab \tab =  FIELDS 129+130+131+132+135+139+140 \tab \tab      
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab    (23+24+25+26+27(c)+28(d)+29)
\par \tab FIELD 196. (STATE TOTALS COL B) = SUM OF FIELDS 142..195
\par {\b 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b\fs24\ul 
\par FORM  3P, LINE 31 ATTACHMENT - SCHEDULE OF ITEMS TO BE LIQUIDATED 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b 
\par 
\par }  1.    FORM TYPE\tab  \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F3P31AL
\par   2.    FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par   3.    ENTITY TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (See Appendix){\ul   
\par }  4.    NAME  (Contributor/Lender)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab (Expand to 90 chars)  
\par   5.    STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   6.    STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   7.    CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par   8.    STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   9.    ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par {\b   }10.  ITEM-PG\tab \tab  \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)  \tab (\lquote P\rquote =Primary, \lquote G\rquote =General) 
\par   11.  INDEMP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   12.  INDOCC \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   13.  DATE  (Of Contribution)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8) 
\par   14.  FAIR MARKET VALUE OF  ITEM\tab \tab (AMT-12) 
\par   15.  TRANSACTION CODE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab 
\par   16.  TRANSDESC\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-40)\tab 
\par   17.  FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   18.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   19.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab (if Entity is a Cand cmte CCM)
\par   20.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab  \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab (\lquote H\rquote , \lquote S\rquote , or \lquote P\rquote )
\par   21.   STATE  (Of Election)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)  \tab (See Appendix)
\par   22.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   23.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   24.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   25.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   26.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   27.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   28.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par   29.   MEMO CODE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab blank , \lquote X\rquote 
\par   30.   MEMO-TEXT\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-100)
\par   31.   AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab (\lquote A\rquote , \lquote C\rquote , or \lquote D\rquote )                      
\par   32.   TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)\tab 
\par {\b   }33.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-32)\tab 
\par   34.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b 
\par }              
\par RULES: Field 14 represents FEC transaction codes.  This field is optional
\par \tab but if left blank the transaction must be described in field 15
\par \tab TRANSACTION DESCRIPTION, and in field 29 (MEMO TEXT)
\par \tab if further description is necessary.
\par 
\par {\b\fs24\ul END OF FORM  3P
\par }{\b\fs24 \page }{\b 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b\fs24\ul FORM 3X - REPORT OF RECEIPTS AND DISBURSEMENTS FOR OTHER THAN AN AUTHORIZED COMMITTEE
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b 
\par }   1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-4) \tab \tab REQUIRED     value = F3X
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab           plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , \lquote T\rquote 
\par    2.  FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par    8.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    9.   CHG OF ADDRESS\tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   10.  QUALIFIED CMTE \tab \tab (A-1) \tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   11.  RPTCODE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED (See Appendix)
\par   12.  RPTPGI\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab (See Appendix)
\par   13.  DATE    (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   14.  STATE  (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A-2)
\par   15.  DATE    (COVERAGE FROM)\tab (NUM-8)
\par   16.  DATE    (COVERAGE TO)\tab \tab (NUM-8) \tab REQUIRED
\par 
\par 
\par \pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tab \tab {\fs24 COLUMN A THIS PERIOD 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 (The number following the field number is the line number appearing on the printed FEC Form 3X, and information deri
ved from other places in the record are shown with both the field number and line number of the original information.  All amount fields are AMT-12 format.)
\par 
\par    {\ul 6. NET CONTRIBUTIONS (other than loans):
\par }   17.     6(b) Cash on Hand beginning
\par    18.     6(c) {\caps t}otal {\caps r}eceipts\tab 
\par \tab \tab 37   (line 19)
\par    19.     6(d) {\caps s}ubtotal
\par \tab \tab 17+18   (6b+6c)
\par    20.     7.  {\caps t}otal {\caps d}isbursements
\par \tab \tab 54   (line 30)
\par    21.     8.  Cash on Hand at Close
\par \tab \tab 20-21  (6d -7)
\par    22.     9.  Debts to
\par    23.    10. Debts by
\par    
\par    {\ul 11. }{\caps\ul cONTRIBUTIONS}{\ul  (other that loans):}
\par             11(a)  {\caps i}ndividuals/Persons
\par    24.    11(a)i   {\caps i}temized
\par    25.    11(a)ii   {\caps u}nitemized
\par    26.    11(a)iii  {\caps t}otal
\par \tab \tab 24+25   (11(a)i + 11(a)ii)
\par    27.    11(b) Political {\caps p}arty {\caps c}ommittees
\par    28.    11(c) Other Political Committees (PACs)
\par    29.    11(d) {\caps t}otal {\caps c}ontributions
\par \tab \tab 26+27+28   (11(a)iii+11b+11c)
\par 
\par    30.    12. Transfers from Affiliated/Other Party Cmtes
\par    31.    13. All {\caps l}oans Received
\par    32.    14. {\caps l}oan {\caps r}epayments {\caps r}eceived
\par    33.    15. {\caps o}ffsets to Operating Expenditures  (refunds ...)
\par    34.    16. Refunds of Federal {\caps c}ontributions
\par    35.    17. Other Federal Receipts (dividends)
\par    36.    18. {\caps t}ransfers from Nonfederal Account
\par    37.    19. Total Receipts
\par \tab \tab 29+30+31+32+33+34+35+36   (11d+12+13+14+15+16+17+18)
\par    38.    20. Total Federal Receipts
\par \tab \tab 37 -36   (19-18)
\par 
\par {\b I. DISBURSEMENTS\tab \tab \tab 
\par }   {\ul 21.  OPERATING EXPENDITURES:}\tab \tab 
\par             21(a)  {\caps s}hared {\caps f}ederal/{\caps n}on-Federal Activity\tab \tab 
\par    39.    21(a)i  Federal Share
\par    40.    21(a)ii  {\caps n}on-{\caps f}ederal {\caps s}hare
\par    41.    21(b)  {\caps o}ther Federal {\caps o}perating {\caps e}xpenditures
\par    42.    21(c)  {\caps t}otal {\caps o}perating {\caps e}xpenditures
\par \tab \tab 39+40+41   (21(a)i+21(a)ii+21(b))
\par    43.    22. Transfers to Affiliated/Other Party Cmtes
\par    44.    23. Contributions to Federal Candidates/Cmtes
\par    45.    24. Independent {\caps e}xpenditures
\par    46.    25. Coordinated Expenditures made by {\caps p}arty Cmtes
\par    47.    26. Loan {\caps r}epayments
\par    48.    27. Loans Made
\par    
\par    {\ul 28. REFUNDS OF }{\caps\ul cONTRIBUTIONS}{\ul  TO:
\par }   49.    28(a)  Individuals/Persons
\par    50.    28(b)  Political Party Committees
\par    51.    28(c)  Other Political Committees
\par    52.    28(d)  Total {\caps c}ontributions {\caps r}efunds
\par \tab \tab 49+50+51   (28(a)+28(b)+28(c))
\par    53.    29.  Other {\caps d}isbursements
\par    54.    30.  Total {\caps d}isbursements
\par \tab \tab    42+43+44+45+46+47+48+52+53
\par  \tab \tab  (21c+22+23+24+25+26+27+28d+29)
\par    55.    31. Total Federal Disbursements
\par \tab \tab 54 -40   (30-21(a)ii)
\par 
\par {\fs24 NET CONTRIBUTIONS/OPERATING EXPENDITURES}\tab \tab \tab 
\par   
\par    56.   32.  Total {\caps c}ontributions
\par \tab \tab 29  (11d)
\par    57.   33.  Total Contribution Refunds
\par \tab \tab 52  (28d)
\par    58.   34.  Net Contributions
\par \tab \tab 56 - 57   (11d-28d)
\par    59.   35.  Total Federal Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 39+41   (21(a.ii)+21(b))
\par    60.   36.  Offsets to {\caps o}perating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 33   (15)
\par    61.   37.  Net {\caps o}perating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 36+37   ((21(a)i)+21(b) -15)
\par 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\fs22 COLUMN B CALENDAR YEAR-TO-DATE
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
\par    {\ul 6. NET CONTRIBUTIONS (other than loans):
\par }   62.    6(a) {\caps c}ash on {\caps h}and Jan 1, 19\tab \tab \tab 
\par    63.             Year for {\caps a}bove\tab \tab \tab (NUM-4 )  (eg. 1998, 2002)
\par    64.    6(c) {\caps t}otal {\caps r}eceipts\tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab        81. (line 19)
\par    65.    6(d) {\caps s}ubtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 62+64 (6a+6c)
\par    
\par    66.    7. Total disbursements
\par \tab \tab 98 (line 30)
\par    67.    8.  Cash on Hand Close
\par \tab \tab 65 -66   (6d -7)
\par   
\par    {\ul 11. }{\caps\ul cONTRIBUTIONS}{\ul  (other that loans) FROM}:
\par            11(a)  {\caps i}ndividuals/Persons
\par    68.   11(a)i {\caps i}temized
\par    69.   11(a)ii {\caps u}nitemized\tab 
\par    70.   11(a)iii Total
\par \tab \tab 68+69   (11(a)i + 11(a)ii)
\par    71.   11(b) Political Party committees
\par    72.   11(c) Other Political Committees  (PACs)
\par    73.   11(d) Total {\caps c}ontributions
\par \tab \tab 70+71+72   (11(a)iii+11b+11c)
\par    
\par    74.   12. Transfers from Affiliated/Other Party Cmtes
\par    75.   13. All {\caps l}oans Received
\par    76.   14. {\caps l}oan {\caps r}epayments {\caps r}eceived
\par    77.   15. {\caps o}ffsets to Operating Expenditures (refunds)
\par    78.   16. Refunds of Federal {\caps c}ontributions\tab 
\par    79.   17. Other Federal Receipts (dividends)
\par    80.   18. {\caps t}ransfers from Nonfederal Account
\par    81.   19. Total {\caps r}eceipts
\par \tab \tab    73+74+75+76+77+78+79+80
\par  \tab \tab (11d+12+13+14+15+16+17+18)
\par    82.   20 Total {\caps f}ederal {\caps r}eceipts
\par \tab \tab 81 -80  (19-18)
\par 
\par {\b I. DISBURSEMENTS\tab }\tab \tab 
\par   {\ul  21. OPERATING EXPENDITURES:
\par }           21(a)  {\caps s}hared {\caps f}ederal/{\caps n}on-Federal Activity\tab \tab 
\par    83.   21(a)i Federal Share
\par    84.   21(a)ii {\caps n}on-{\caps f}ederal {\caps s}hare
\par    85.   21(b) {\caps o}ther Federal {\caps o}perating {\caps e}xpenditures
\par    86.   21(c) Total operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 83+84+85   (21(a)i+21(a)ii+21(b))
\par    
\par    87.   22. Transfers to Affiliated/Other Party Cmtes
\par    88.   23. Contributions to Federal Candidates/Cmtes
\par    89.   24. Independent Expenditures
\par    90.   25. Coordinated Expenditures made by {\caps p}arty Cmtes
\par    91.   26. Loan {\caps r}epayments Made
\par    92.   27. Loans Made
\par    {\ul 28. }{\caps\ul rEFUNDS}{\ul  OF }{\caps\ul cONTRIBUTIONS}{\ul :
\par }   93.   28(a)  {\caps i}ndividuals/Persons
\par    94.   28(b) Political Party Committees
\par    95.   28(c) Other Political  Committees
\par    96.   28(d) Total contributions {\caps r}efunds
\par \tab \tab 93+94+95   (28(a)+28(b)+28(c))
\par    
\par    97.   29. Other Disbursements
\par    98.   30. Total Disbursements
\par \tab \tab    86+87+88+89+90+91+92+96+97
\par   \tab \tab  (21c+22+23+24+25+26+27+28d+29)
\par    99.   31. Total Federal Disbursements
\par \tab \tab 98 - 84   (30 - 21(a)ii)
\par 
\par {\fs24 NET CONTRIBUTIONS/OPERATING EXPENDITURES\tab \tab \tab 
\par 
\par }  100.   32.  Total Contributions
\par \tab \tab 73   (11d)
\par   101.   33.  Total Contribution Refunds
\par \tab \tab 96   (28d)
\par   102.   34.  Net contributions
\par \tab \tab 73 -96   (11d -28d)
\par   103.   35.  Total Federal Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 83+85   ((21(a)i+21(b))
\par   104.   36.  Offsets to Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 77   (15)
\par   105.   37.  Net Operating Expenditures
\par \tab \tab 103 -104   (35 -36)
\par   106.   IND/NAME    (Treasurer)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38) \tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   107 .  DATE   (Signed)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8) \tab REQUIRED
\par {\b 
\par }RULES:
\par \tab If field 11 (report code) begins with "12" or "30" fields 12, 13 & 14 are REQUIRED.
\par 
\par \tab COLUMN A CHECKS:
\par 
\par \tab FIELD 18 . (6(c))\tab \tab = FIELD 37  (line 19)
\par \tab FIELD 19 . (6(d))\tab = FIELDS 17+18   (6b+6c)
\par \tab FIELD 20 . (7)\tab \tab = FIELD 54    (line 30)
\par \tab FIELD 21 . (8)\tab \tab = FIELD 19 - 20   (6d -7)
\par \tab FIELD 22 . (9)\tab \tab = TOTALS ON SCH C AND/OR D
\par \tab FIELD 23 . (10)\tab \tab = TOTALS ON SCH C AND/OR D
\par \tab FIELD 24 . (11(a)i)   SCHEDULE A
\par \tab FIELD 26 . (11(a)iii)\tab = FIELD 24+25    (11(a)i+11(a)ii)
\par \tab FIELD 29 . (11(d))\tab = FIELDS   26+27+28   (11(a)iii+11b+11c)
\par \tab FIELD 36 . (17)\tab    SCHEDULE H3
\par \tab FIELD 37 . (19)\tab \tab = FIELDS   29+30+31+32+33+34+35+36\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (11d+12+13+14+15+16+17+18)
\par \tab FIELD 38 . (20)\tab \tab = FIELDS 37  - 36    (19 - 18 )
\par \tab FIELD 44 . (21(c))\tab = FIELDS 39+40+41      (21(a)i+21(a)ii+21(b)
\par \tab FIELD 46 . (25)\tab    SCHEDULE F
\par \tab FIELD 52 . (28(d))\tab = FIELDS 49+50+51     (28(a)+28(b)+28(c))
\par \tab FIELD 54 . (30)\tab \tab = FIELDS   42+43+44+45+46+47+48+52+53   
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (21c+22+23+24+25+26+27+28d+29)
\par \tab FIELD 55 . (31)\tab \tab = FIELDS 54  - 40    (30 - 21(a)ii)
\par \tab FIELD 56 . (32)\tab \tab = FIELDS 29    (11d)
\par \tab FIELD 57 . (33)\tab \tab = FIELD 52   (28d)
\par \tab FIELD 58 . (34)\tab \tab = FIELD 56  - 57    (11d - 28d)
\par \tab FIELD 59 . (35)\tab \tab = FIELD 39+41   (21(a.i)+21(b))
\par \tab FIELD 60 . (36)\tab \tab = FIELD 33    (15)
\par \tab FIELD 61 . (37)\tab \tab = FIELD 59 - 60   (35 - 36) or ((21(a)i +21(b)) - 15)
\par 
\par \tab COLUMN B CHECKS:
\par 
\par \tab FIELD 64 . (6(c))\tab \tab = FIELD 18    (line 19)
\par \tab FIELD 65 . (6(d))\tab = FIELD 62+64    (6a+6c)
\par \tab FIELD 66 . (7)\tab \tab = FIELD 98    (line 30)
\par \tab FIELD 67 . (8)\tab \tab = FIELD 65 - 66     (6d - 7) 68 
\par \tab FIELD 70 . (11(a)iii)\tab = FIELD 68+69     (11(a)i + 11(a)ii)
\par \tab FIELD 73 . (11(d))\tab = FIELD 70+71+72    (11(a)ii.+11b+11c)
\par \tab FIELD 81 . (19)\tab \tab = FIELD  73+74+75+76+77+78+79+80 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (11d+12+13+14+15+16+17+18)
\par \tab FIELD 82 . (20)\tab \tab = FIELD 80 - 80     (19 -18)
\par \tab 83 
\par \tab 84 
\par \tab FIELD 86  . (21(c))\tab = FIELD 83+84+85     (21(a)i +21(a)ii +21(b))
\par \tab 90 
\par \tab FIELD 96 . (28(d))\tab = FIELD 93+94+95    (28(a)+28(b)+28(c))
\par \tab FIELD 98 . (30)\tab \tab = FIELD  86+87+88+89+90+91+92+96+97   
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (21c+22+23+24+25+26+27+28d+29)
\par \tab FIELD 99 . (31)\tab \tab = FIELD 98  - 84    (30 - 21(a)ii)
\par \tab FIELD 100 . (32)\tab \tab = FIELD 73    (11d)
\par \tab FIELD 101 . (33)\tab \tab = FIELD 96    (28d)
\par \tab FIELD 102 . (34)\tab \tab = FIELD 73  - 96    (11d - 28d)
\par \tab FIELD 103 . (35)\tab \tab = FIELD 83+85     (21(a.i)+21(b))
\par \tab FIELD 104 . (36)\tab \tab = FIELD 77    (15)
\par \tab FIELD 105 . (37)\tab \tab = FIELD 103 - 104     (35 - 36)
\par {\b 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul END OF FORM 3X
\par }{\b 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b \page }{\b\fs24\ul FORM 3Z - CONSOLIDATION REPORT OR RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\box\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 
The 3z is a part of the Form 3 and can be treated as a schedule rather than a separate form.  A separate record must be created for each committee authorized by the candidate.  An additional record must contain totals for each field for all committees wit
hin the campaign.
\par 
\par    1.  FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-4)\tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F3Z, plus T \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab       if it is a \ldblquote total\rdblquote  record
\par    2.  FILER FEC CMTE ID (PCC)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.  COMMITTEE NAME (PCC)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.  DATE  (Coverage FROM)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par    5.  DATE  (Coverage TO)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)\tab REQUIRED
\par    6.   FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER (Auth)\tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    7.   COMMITTEE NAME (Auth)\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    8.   (a) 11(a)iii individuals total\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par    9.   (b) 11(b) Political party committees\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   10.  (c) 11(c) other pol. committees (PACs)\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   11.  (d) 11(d) the candidate\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   12.  (e) 11(e) total contributions\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   13.  (f) 12. Transfers from other auth cmtes\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   14.  (g) 13(a) made or guarn. by candidate\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   15.  (h) 13(b) all other loans\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   16.  (i) 13(c) total loans\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   17.  (j) 14. offsets to operating expend\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   18.  (k) 15. Other receipts\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   19.  (l) 16. total receipts\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   20.  (m) 17. Operating Expenditures\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   21.  (n) 18. Transfers to other auth cmtes\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   22.  (o) 19(a) made or guaranteed by cand\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   23.  (p) 19(b) all other loans\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   24.   (q) 19(c) total loan repayments\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   25.   (r) 20(a)  total refunds individuals\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   26.   (s) 20(b) Refunds Political Pty cmtes\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   27.   (t) 20(c) Refunds other Polit. cmtes\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   28.   (u) 20(d) total contribution refunds\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   29.   (v) 21. Other disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   30.   (w) 22. Total disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   31.   (x) 23. COH beginning reporting period\tab (AMT-12)
\par   32.   (y) 27. COH at close of period\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   33.   (z)  9. Debts to\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   34.   (aa) 12. Debts by\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   35.   (bb) 6(c) net contributions\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   36.   (cc) 7(c) net operating expenditures\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par 
\par 
\par {\b\fs24\ul END OF FORM 3Z}{\b 
\par \page 
\par FORM 4 Report of Receipts and Disbursements
\par \tab \tab for a Committee or Organization Supporting a Nominating 
\par \tab \tab Convention}
\par 
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-4)\tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F4
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , \lquote T\rquote 
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab 
\par    4.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    8.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    9.   COMMITTEE/ORG TYPE\tab \tab \tab (A-1)
\par  10.  DESC  ( IF 9 IS \ldblquote OTHER\rdblquote )\tab \tab \tab (A/N-40)
\par  11.  RPTCODE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    12.  DATE    (COVERAGE FROM)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par    13.  DATE    (COVERAGE TO)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)\tab REQUIRED
\par 
\par \tab \tab COLUMN A\tab THIS PERIOD
\par (The number following the field number is the line number appearing on the printed FEC Form 4, and information derived from other places in the record are shown with both the field number and line number of the original information.)
\par   14.     6.(b) cash on hand beg. report per.\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   15.     6.(c) Total receipts\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 43   (20)
\par   16.     6.(d) Subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 14+15=16 (6b+6c=6d)
\par   17.   7. Total disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 54   (25)
\par   18.   8. COH CLOSE\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab {\cf6 16-17   (6d - 7)}
\par   19.   9. Debts to\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 19. = TOTALS ON SCH C AND/OR D
\par   20.   10. Debts by\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 20. = TOTALS ON SCH C AND/OR D
\par   21.   11. Convention expenditures\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 46 (21c)
\par   22.   12. refunds/rebates/returns relating
\par \tab \tab to convention expend.\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 36 (17C)
\par   23.   12(a) Expenditures subject to limits\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 21-22=23   (11-12)
\par   24.   12(b) expend. from prior years subject
\par \tab \tab to limits\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   25.   12(c) total expenditures subject 
\par \tab \tab to limits\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 23+24=25   (12A+12B)
\par   26.   13. Federal Funds\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab SCH A
\par \tab 14. contributions to defray convention expenses\tab \tab 
\par   27.     14(a) Itemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab SCH A
\par   28.     14(b) unitemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   29.     14(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 27+28N=29   (14a+14b)
\par   30.   15. Transfers from affiliated cmtes.\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 16. Loans and Loan repayments received\tab 
\par   31.     16(a) loans received\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   32.     16(b) loan repayments received\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   33.     16(c) subtotal loans/repayments\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 31+32=33   (16a+16b)
\par \tab 17. Refunds, rebates, returns
\par   34.     17(a) Itemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab SCH A
\par   35.     17(b) unitemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   36.     17(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 34+35=36   (17a+17b)
\par \tab 18. other refunds rebates returns of deposit
\par   37.     18(a) Itemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   38.     18(b) unitemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   39.     18(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 37+38=39   (18a+18b)
\par \tab 19. Other income
\par   40.     19(a) Itemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab SCH A
\par   41.     19(b) unitemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   42.     19(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 40+41=42   (19a+19b)
\par   43.   20. total receipts\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 26+29+30+33+36+39+42=43   (13+14c+15+16c+17c+18c+19c)
\par 
\par \tab \tab DISBURSEMENTS
\par 
\par \tab 21. Convention Expenditures
\par   44.     21(a) Itemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   45.     21(b) unitemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   46.     21(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 44+45   (21a+21b)
\par   47.   22. Transfers to Affiliated Cmtes\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 23. Loans and Loan repayments made\tab 
\par   48.     23(a) loans made\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   49.     23(b) loan repayments made\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   50.     23(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 48+49=50   (23a+23b)
\par \tab 24. Other disbursements
\par   51.     24(a) Itemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab SCH B
\par   52.     24(b) unitemized\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   53.     24(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 51+52=53   (24a+24b)
\par   54.   25. Total disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 46+47+50+53=54   (21c+22+23c+24c)
\par 
\par \tab \tab COLUMN B CALENDAR YEAR-TO-DATE
\par 
\par   55.     6.(a)\tab \tab Cash on Hand\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   56.     6.(a) 19 --\tab year\tab \tab \tab (NUM-4)
\par   57.     6.(c) Total receipts\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   58.     6.(d) Subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 56+58=59   (6a+6c=6d)
\par   59.   7. Total disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 79 (25)
\par   60.   8. COH CLOSE\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 59 - 60=61   (6d -7)
\par   61.   11. Convention expenditures\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 75   (21c)
\par   62.   12. refunds/rebates/returns relating
\par \tab \tab to convention expend.\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 71   (17C)
\par   63.     12(a) Expenditures subject to limits\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 62 - 63=64   (11 - 12)
\par   64.     12(b) expend. from prior years subject
\par \tab \tab to limits\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   65.     12(c) total expenditures subject 
\par \tab \tab to limits\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 64+65=66   (12a+12b)
\par   66.   13. Federal Funds\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab SCH A
\par \tab 14. contributions to defray convention expenses\tab \tab 
\par   67.     14(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   68.   15. Transfers from affiliated cmtes.\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 16. Loans and Loan repayments received\tab 
\par   69.     16(c) subtotal loans/repayments\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 17. Refunds, rebates, returns
\par   70.     17(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 18. other refunds rebates returns of deposit
\par   71.     18(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 19. Other income
\par   72.     19(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   73.   20. total receipts\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 66+67+68+69+70+71+72 = 20   (13+14c+15+16c+17c+18c+19c)
\par 
\par \tab \tab DISBURSEMENTS
\par 
\par \tab 21. Convention Expenditures
\par   74.     21(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   75.   22. Transfers to Affiliated Cmtes\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 23. Loans and Loan repayments made\tab 
\par   76.     23(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab 24. Other disbursements
\par   77.     24(c) subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   78.   25. Total disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 75+76+77+78=79 (21c+22+23c+24c)
\par 
\par   79.  IND/NAME (TREASURER)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   80.  DATE (SIGNED)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par \tab 
\par * REPORT CODES CAN BE RESTRICTED TO POST CONVENTION, QUARTERLYS AND
\par    TERMINATION.    (Values:  \lquote 60D\rquote , \lquote Q1\rquote , \lquote Q2\rquote , \lquote Q3\rquote , \lquote YE\rquote , and \lquote TER\rquote )
\par 
\par 
\par \tab RULES:
\par \tab If field 9 is equal to "O" then field 10 must contain data.
\par 
\par \tab INTERNAL CHECKS:
\par 
\par \tab Column A checks:
\par \tab FIELD 15. (6.(c))\tab = FIELD  43 (20)
\par \tab FIELD 16. (6.(d))\tab = FIELDS 14+15  (6b+6c=6d)
\par \tab FIELD 17. (7.)\tab \tab = FIELD  54 (25)
\par \tab FIELD 18. (8.)\tab \tab = FIELDS {\cf6 16-17 (6d-7)}
\par \tab FIELD 19. (9.)\tab \tab = TOTALS ON SCH C AND/OR D
\par \tab FIELD 20. (12.)\tab \tab = TOTALS ON SCH C AND/OR D
\par \tab FIELD 21. (11.)\tab \tab = FIELD  46 (21c)
\par \tab FIELD 22. (12.)\tab \tab = FIELD  36 (17C)
\par \tab FIELD 23. (12(a))\tab = FIELDS 21-22  (11-12)
\par \tab FIELD 25. (12(c))\tab = FIELDS 23+24  (12A+12B)
\par \tab FIELD 26. (13.)\tab \tab = SCH A
\par \tab FIELD 27. (14(a))\tab = SCH A
\par \tab FIELD 29. (14(c))\tab = FIELDS 27+28  (14a+14b)
\par \tab FIELD 33. (16(c))\tab = FIELDS 31+32  (16a+16b)
\par \tab FIELD 34. (17(a))\tab = SCH A
\par \tab FIELD 36. (17(c))\tab = FIELDS 34+35  (17a+17b)
\par \tab FIELD 39. (18(c))\tab = FIELDS 37+38  (18a+18b)
\par \tab FIELD 40. (19(a))\tab = SCH A
\par \tab FIELD 42. (19(c))\tab = FIELDS 40+41  (19a+19b)
\par \tab FIELD 43. (20.)\tab \tab = FIELDS 26+29+30+33+36+39+42 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (13+14c+15+16c+17c+18c+19c)
\par \tab FIELD 44. (21(a))\tab = SCHEDULE B
\par \tab FIELD 46. (21(c))\tab = FIELDS 44+45  (21a+21b)
\par \tab FIELD 50. (23(c))\tab = FIELDS 48+49  (23a+23b)
\par \tab FIELD 51. (24(a))\tab = SCH B
\par \tab FIELD 53. (24(c))\tab = FIELDS 51+52  (24a+24b)
\par \tab FIELD 54. (25.)\tab \tab = FIELDS 46+47+50+53  (21c+22+23c+24c)
\par 
\par \tab Column B checks:
\par \tab FIELD 58. (6.(d))\tab = FIELDS 56+57  (6a+6c=6d)
\par \tab FIELD 59. (7.)\tab \tab = FIELD  78 (25)
\par \tab FIELD 6061. (8.)\tab \tab = FIELDS 58-59  (6d-7)
\par \tab FIELD 61. (11.)\tab \tab = FIELD  74 (21c)
\par \tab FIELD 62. (12.)\tab \tab = FIELD  70 (17C)
\par \tab FIELD 63. (12(a))\tab = FIELDS 61-62  (11-12)
\par \tab FIELD 64. (12(c))\tab = FIELDS 63+64  (12a+12b)
\par \tab FIELD 73. (20.)\tab \tab = FIELDS 66+67+68+69+70+71+72
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (13+14c+15+16c+17c+18c+19c)
\par \tab FIELD 78. (25.)\tab \tab = FIELDS 74+75+76+77  (21c+22+23c+24c)
\par {\b 
\par End of Form 4
\par \page FORM 5 Report of Independent Expenditures Made and 
\par \tab \tab \tab Contributions Received
\par }
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F5
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , \lquote T\rquote 
\par    2.\tab FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par    8.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    9.   CHG OF ADDRESS\tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab blank, \lquote X\rquote 
\par   10. YESNO   (QUAL/NON-Q)\tab (A-1)\tab \tab Values:  \lquote  \lquote   \lquote Y\rquote   \lquote N\rquote 
\par   11.   INDEMP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   12.   INDOCC\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   13.   RPTCODE\tab \tab \tab (A-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par   14.   RPTPGI\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-1)\tab \tab Values:  \lquote P\rquote   \lquote G\rquote   \lquote R\rquote   \lquote S\rquote   \lquote C\rquote 
\par   15.   DATE   (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   16.   STATE  (OF ELECTION)\tab (A-2)
\par   17.  DATE    (COVERAGE FROM)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   18.  DATE    (COVERAGE TO)\tab (NUM-8)\tab \tab REQUIRED
\par   19 .   TOTAL CONTRIBUTION\tab total on page 1\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   20 .   TOTAL INDEP. EXPEND\tab total on page 1\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   21 .   IND/NAME   (PERSON COMPLETING FORM)\tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote \tab 
\par   22 .   DATE    (SIGNED)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   23 .   DATE    (NOTARIZED)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   24 .   DATE    (NOTARY COMMISSION EXPIRES)\tab (NUM-8)
\par   25 .   IND/NAME    (NOTARY)\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as notarized\rdblquote 
\par 
\par \tab {\b FOR EACH CONTRIBUTOR
\par }
\par {\b    }1.   FORM TYPE \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F56{\b 
\par }   2 .  FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   ENTITY TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (IND,COM,CCM,...)   
\par    
\par    4.   NAME(Contributor/Lender)(A/N-90) (Expand to 90 chars)
\par    5.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    8.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par    9.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   10.   INDEMP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   11.   INDOCC\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   12.   DATE   (OF CONTRIBUTION)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   13.   AMOUNT\tab CONTRIBUTION AMOUNT\tab (AMT-12)
\par   14.  FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity Type = \lquote COM\rquote ,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote CCM\rquote , \lquote PAC\rquote  or \lquote PPO\rquote .
\par   15.  FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity-Type =\ldblquote CAN\rquote  or
\par                                                                                                                or \lquote CCM\rquote     
\par   16.  CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable  
\par   17.   CAND-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   18.   CAND-STATE (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable       19.   CAND-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office =\lquote H\rquote 
\par   20.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   21.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   22.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   23.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   24.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   25.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par   26.   AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Value: blank, \lquote A\rquote , \lquote C\rquote , \lquote D\rquote 
\par   27.   TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32
\par   28.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N32)
\par   29.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N32)    
\par 
\par 
\par {\b \tab FOR EACH INDEPENDENT EXPENDITURE MADE}
\par 
\par {\b   } 1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8)\tab \tab REQUIRED value = F57{\b 
\par }   2 .   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3. ENTITY TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (IND,COM,CCM,...)   
\par 4. NAME    (Payee)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab (expand to 90 chars)
\par    5.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    8.    STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    9.    ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   10.   TRANSDESC\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-40)
\par   11.   DATE    (OF EXPENDITURE)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   12.   AMOUNT\tab CONTRIBUTION AMOUNT\tab (AMT-12)
\par   13.   SUPPORT/OPPOSE   \tab \tab (A/N-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par \tab (SUP=Support=24E  OPP=Oppose=24A)
\par 14.  S/O FEC CAN ID NUMBER\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)   
\par 15.  S/O CAN/NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par    16.  S/O CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   17.  S/O STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   18.  S/O CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par 19.  FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity Type = \lquote COM\rquote ,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote CCM\rquote , \lquote PAC\rquote  or \lquote PPO\rquote .
\par   20.  FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity-Type =\ldblquote CAN\rquote  or
\par                                                                                                                or \lquote CCM\rquote     
\par   21.  CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable  
\par   22.   CAND-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   23.   CAND-STATE (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par   24.   CAND-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office =\lquote H\rquote 
\par   25.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   26.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   27.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   28.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   29.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   30.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par   31.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) \tab Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote , \lquote C\rquote , \lquote D\rquote 
\par {\b   }32.   TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab 
\par    33.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   34.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par NEEDS WORK......}
\par \tab RULES:
\par \tab 
\par FORM 5:
\par \tab If field 10 .in the report record is "Y" then fields 11  and 12  must be blank.
\par \tab If field 10 . in the report record is "N" then fields 11  and 12  must contain data.
\par 
\par \tab If field 13 . of the report record (REPORT CODE) begins with "12" or "30" the fields 14 ,
\par \tab 15  and 16  must be completed.
\par 
\par \tab All contributions must be 15's.
\par \tab 
\par FORM 5.6:
\par   16.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER:
\par \tab If field 16  of the expenditure made record(s) (CANDIDATE ID NUMBER) contains a valid \tab FEC ID number fields 16, 17, 18, 19  are optional.  If field 15  does not contain 
\par \tab a valid FEC ID number fields 16, 17, 18, 19  are required.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b End of Form 5
\par 
\par \page FORM 6\tab \tab 48 hour notice}
\par 
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) REQUIRED    value = F6\tab plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , \lquote T\rquote 
\par    2.  FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.    STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    8.    ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   9.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   10.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   11.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   12.   STATE    (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   13.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   14.   DATE    (SIGNED)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par 
\par FOR EACH CONTRIBUTOR:
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F65{\b 
\par }   2 .   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   ENTITY TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (IND,COM,CCM,...)  
\par 4.   NAME    (Contributor/Lender)\tab \tab (A/N-90) (Expand to 90 chars)
\par    5.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7.    CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    8.    STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    9.    ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   10.   INDEMP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   11.   INDOCC\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   12.   DATE   (OF CONTRIBUTION)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   13.   AMOUNT\tab CONTRIB/LOANED AMT\tab (AMT-12)
\par    14.  FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity Type = \lquote COM\rquote ,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote CCM\rquote , \lquote PAC\rquote  or \lquote PPO\rquote .
\par   15.  FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity-Type =\ldblquote CAN\rquote  or
\par                                                                                                                or \lquote CCM\rquote     
\par   16.  CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable  
\par   17.   CAND-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   18.   CAND-STATE (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par   19.   CAND-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office =\lquote H\rquote 
\par   20.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   21.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   22.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   23.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   24.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   25.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab 
\par 26.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote , \lquote C\rquote , \lquote D\rquote 
\par    27.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab 
\par   28.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   29.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }RULES: If valid FEC Candidate ID is received in field 9 of the F6 record, fields 10, 11, 12, 13 are optional.
\par {\b End of Form 6
\par \page FORM 7\tab Communication costs
\par }
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-8)\tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F7
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , \lquote T\rquote 
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    8.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    9.   ORGANIZATION TYPE\tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab VALUE:   C, T, L, M, V, W
\par  10. RPTCODE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par  11 . DATE   (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par  12 . STATE   (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   13 .  DATE    (COVERAGE FROM)\tab (NUM-8)
\par   14 .  DATE    (COVERAGE TO)\tab \tab (NUM-8)\tab REQUIRED
\par   15 .  TOTAL COSTS\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   16 .  IND/NAME    (FILER)\tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   17 .  DATE    (SIGNED)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   18.  TITLE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-20)
\par 
\par \tab FOR EACH COMMUNICATION:
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = F76
\par    2 .   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 3.   COMMUNICATION TYPE\tab \tab (A/N-2 ) \tab Values: DM, TP, TM, O
\par    4.   TRANSDESC   (COMMUN. SPECIFICATION)\tab (A/N-40)
\par    5.   COMMUNICATION CLASS\tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Values:  E, S, M
\par \tab OR CATEGORY 
\par    6.   DATE  (OF COMMUNICATION)\tab (NUM-8)
\par    7.   SUPPORT/OPPOSE \tab \tab (A/N-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par \tab (SUP=Support=24F  OPP=Oppose=24N)
\par   8.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab (A/N-9)
\par   9.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   10.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   11.   STATE    (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   12.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par   13.   RPTPGI\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-1)
\par   14.   Cost of communication\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   15.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) \tab \tab Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote , \lquote C\rquote , \lquote D\rquote 
\par 16.   TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par    17.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   18.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par \tab RULES:
\par 
\par \tab IF field 4 . is "O" field 5  must contain data.
\par {\b End of Form 7
\par \page FORM 8\tab \tab DEBT SETTLEMENT PLAN
\par 
\par }   1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8)               REQUIRED value = F8\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab plus \lquote N\rquote , \lquote A\rquote , \lquote T\rquote 
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par    4.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    5.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    7.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    8.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    9.   1. CASH ON HAND\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   10.   1(a) as of\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   11.   2. Total assets to be liquidated\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   12.\tab 3. Total (assets)\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 9+11 (1+2)
\par   13.   4. Year to date receipts\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   14.   5. Year to date disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   15.   6. Total amount of debts owed by cmte\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   16.   7. Total number of creditors owed\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   17.   8. Number of creditors in part II of this plan\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   18.   9. Total amount of debts owed to 
\par \tab creditors in part II of plan\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   19.  10. Total amount to be paid to creditors
\par \tab in part II of this plan\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   20.  11. YESNO   (Is the cmte terminating activities)\tab (A/N-1)
\par   21.  11.Y DATE    (PLANNED FOR TERMINATION RPT)\tab (NUM-8)
\par 
\par   22.  12. YESNO   (If this is an authorized committee are\tab (A-1)
\par \tab \tab there other authorized committees.)
\par   23.   12. DESC  (Y IF YES list AUTH CMTE ID/NAMES)\tab (A/N-300)
\par   24.   13.  YESNO   (have sufficient funds to pay total\tab (A-1)
\par \tab \tab amount indicated in this plan)
\par   25.   13. DESC  (N If NO what steps will be taken to obtain 
\par \tab \tab the funds)\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-100)
\par   26.   14.  YESNO   (Has the committee filed previous debt\tab (A-1)
\par \tab \tab settlement plans)
\par   27.   15.  YESNO  (After disposing of all the\tab \tab (A-1)
\par \tab \tab committee's debts and obligations;
\par \tab \tab will there be any residual funds?)
\par   28.   15.  DESC (IF YES how will the funds be disbursed)\tab (A/N-100)
\par   29 .  PART III YESNO  (Does committee have sufficient funds to pay the remaining
\par \tab              amts to be paid or offered.\tab \tab \tab (A-1)
\par   30 .   PART III DESC    (N If no, what steps will be taken to obtain the funds.)\tab (A/N-100)
\par   31.   Treasurer\rquote s NAME \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote \tab \tab 
\par   32.   DATE    (SIGNED)\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par 
\par \tab RULES:
\par \tab If the response to field 20 is "Y" field 21 must contain a date.
\par \tab If the response to field 22 is "Y" field 23 must contain data.
\par \tab If the response to field 24 is "N" field 25 must contain data.
\par \tab If the response to field 27 is "N" field 28 must contain data.
\par \tab If the response to field 29 is "N" field 30 must contain data.\tab 
\par {\b \page }\tab \tab \tab \tab {\b PART II}
\par Note: Entity Type is the same thing as the currently defined F8II Type of Creditor Code.
\par FORM 8\tab \tab DEBT SETTLEMENT PLAN\tab 
\par 
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab REQUIRED    value = F8II
\par    2 .   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   CREDITOR CODE\tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (ICV,UCV,EMP,..)
\par 
\par   4 . NAME  (Contributor/Lender)\tab (A/N-90) (expand to 90 chars)
\par   5 .  STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   6 .  STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   7 .  CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par   8 .  STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   9 .  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 
\par   10.  DATE   (INCURRED)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   11.  AMOUNT OWED TO\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab CREDITOR
\par   12.  AMOUNT OFFERED IN\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab SETTLEMENT
\par   13.  A. DESC  (INITIAL TERMS AND NATURE OF DEBT)\tab (A/N-100)
\par   14.  B. DESC  (EFFORTS MADE BY CMTE TO PAY DEBT)\tab (A/N-100)
\par   15.  C. DESC  (STEPS TAKEN BY CREDITOR TO COLLECT)\tab (A/N-100)
\par 
\par {\b CREDITOR SECTION
\par (TEXT/ENTERED COPY OF FORM FILLED OUT BY THE CREDITOR)
\par }  
\par   16.   D. YESNO  (WAS THE effort made \tab \tab \tab (A-1)
\par \tab \tab BY creditor to collect similar to 
\par \tab \tab other debt collection efforts 
\par   17.   D. DESC  (N IF NO EXPLAIN)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-100)
\par   18.   E.  YESNO  (Are the terms of the\tab \tab \tab (A-1)
\par \tab \tab debt settlement comparable to other
\par \tab \tab settlements
\par   19.   E. DESC  (N IF NO EXPLAIN)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-100)
\par    20.  FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity Type = \lquote COM\rquote ,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote CCM\rquote , \lquote PAC\rquote  or \lquote PPO\rquote .
\par   21.  FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity-Type =\ldblquote CAN\rquote  or
\par                                                                                                                or \lquote CCM\rquote     
\par   22.  CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable  
\par   23.   CAND-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   24.   CAND-STATE (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par   25.   CAND-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office =\lquote H\rquote 
\par 26. NAME of creditor or representative\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   27.   DATE   (SIGNED)\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   28.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab (A/N-1) Values: blank \lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote , \rquote D\rquote 
\par 29.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par    30.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   31.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par 
\par 
\par RULES:
\par 
\par FIELDS 17  through 22  should be identical to the actual responses made by the creditor.
\par If the response to field 17  is "N" field 18  must contain data.
\par If the response to field 19  is "N" field 20 must contain data.
\par {\b \page }\tab \tab \tab \tab {\b PART III\tab \tab }
\par Note: Entity is the same thing as the currently defined F8II Type of Creditor Code.
\par 
\par FORM 8\tab \tab DEBT SETTLEMENT PLAN\tab 
\par 
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab           REQUIRED  value = F8III
\par    2 .   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.  CREDITOR CODE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (ICV,UCV,EMP,...)  4 . /NAME(Contributor/Lender)\tab (A/N-90)(expand to 90 chars)
\par   5 .  STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   6 .  STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   7 .  CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par   8 .  STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   9 .  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 
\par   10.  YESNO  (IS THIS A DISPUTED DEBT)\tab (A/N-1)
\par   11.  DATE    (INCURRED)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   12.  AMOUNT OWED TO CREDITOR\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   13.  AMOUNT EXPECTED TO\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab PAY/OFFER SETTLEMENT
\par   14.  FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity Type = \lquote COM\rquote ,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote CCM\rquote , \lquote PAC\rquote  or \lquote PPO\rquote .
\par   15.  FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity-Type =\ldblquote CAN\rquote  or
\par                                                                                                                or \lquote CCM\rquote     
\par   16.  CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable  
\par   17.   CAND-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   18.   CAND-STATE (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par   19.   CAND-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office =\lquote H\rquote 
\par 20.  AMENDED CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Value=\lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote , or \rquote D\rquote 
\par 21.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par    22.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   23.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par {\b End of Form 8
\par \page 
\par SCHEDULE A\tab 
\par }
\par    1.    FORM-TYPE\tab  \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab Required     value = SA
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  .
\par    2.    FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab Required
\par    3.    ENTITY-TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab Required (see Entity Code list)   
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Values:  IND= Individual person; 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab COM= \ldblquote 3X\rdblquote  Committee;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab CCM= Candidate Cmte;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PAC= PAC;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PPO= Pol Party Org;\tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab CAN= the Candidate
\par 
\par    4.    CONTRIBUTOR-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Required (person names must not 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab exceed 38 chars \{inclu. spaces\})\tab 
\par    
\par    5. STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    8.    STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    9.  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab (format may include \lquote -\rquote )
\par {\b   } 10.  ITEM-ELECT-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Values: \lquote P\rquote  \lquote G\rquote  \lquote R\rquote  \lquote S\rquote  \lquote O\rquote 
\par    11.  ITEM-ELECT-OTHER\tab \tab \tab (A/N-20)\tab REQUIRED if Item-Elect-Cd=\lquote O\rquote  
\par    \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Values: \ldblquote Special\rdblquote , \ldblquote runoff\rquote , 1980+
\par    12.  IND-EMPLOYER\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Required if Entity-Type=\lquote IND\rquote 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Code \ldblquote Requested\rdblquote  if unknown.)\tab 
\par     
\par    \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par   
\par   13.   IND-OCCUP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Required if Entity-Type =\lquote IND\rquote 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab unless Employer = \ldblquote Requested\rdblquote 
\par 
\par   14.   AGGREGATE-AMT-YTD\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)\tab REQUIRED (YTD Amount Total)
\par   15.   DATE-RECEIVED\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)\tab REQUIRED
\par   
\par   16.  AMOUNT-RECEIVED\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)\tab REQUIRED
\par   17.   TRANS-CODE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab 
\par   18.   TRANS-DESCRIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-40)\tab 
\par   
\par   19.  FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity Type = \lquote COM\rquote ,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote CCM\rquote , \lquote PAC\rquote  or \lquote PPO\rquote .
\par   20.  FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity-Type =\ldblquote CAN\rquote 
\par   21.  CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable  
\par   
\par 
\par 
\par   
\par   22.   CAND-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   
\par   23.   CAND-STATE (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par     24.   CAND-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office =\lquote H\rquote 
\par   25.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   26.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   27.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   28.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   29.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   30.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par   31.   MEMO-CODE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Value:  blank;  \lquote X\rquote 
\par   32.   MEMO-TEXT\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-100)\tab 
\par   33.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) \tab \tab Values: \lquote A\rquote  \rquote C\rquote   \rquote D\rquote 
\par   34.   TRAN-ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-32)\tab Required when Amended-Cd =\lquote A\rquote \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Add), or is blank (i.e. an Original
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Transaction).  Identifier assigned
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab by filer database which \ldblquote uniquely\rdblquote 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab identifies this item among all items\tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab reported by this committee.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Currently, this field is Optional if
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Amended-Cd= \lquote C\rquote  or \lquote D\rquote .)
\par   35.   ORIG-TRAN-ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-32)\tab Required if Amended-Cd= \lquote C\rquote  or
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote D\rquote .  Contains Tran-ID of Original\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab transaction that will be changed or 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab deleted from FEC database.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Optional for Original and Add
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Amended-Cd = \lquote A\rquote ) transactions,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab but, if given, must equal Tran-ID.
\par   36.   SUPR-TRAN-ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-32)\tab Currently this is an Optional field.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab If Amended-Cd= \lquote C\rdblquote  or \lquote D\rquote , this 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab field contains the Tran_ID of the
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab most recent transaction reported to
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab the FEC database.  it either points
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab to the Original (if no amendments)
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab or to the most recent Amending 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab transaction that is to be superseded
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab on the FEC database.
\par RULES:
\par \tab If 10. ITEM-ELECT-CD = \lquote O\rquote  (Other), then field 11. ITEM-ELECT-OTHER must contain a description of which previous Election the contribution is associated with.  For example if the contribution is not for this year\rquote 
s Primary, General, Special, or Runoff election, the ITEM-ELECT-OTHER field should contain descriptive text such as: \ldblquote Debt 19xx\rdblquote .
\par 
\par \tab Field 17. TRANS-CODE represents FEC transaction codes.  This field is optional, but if left b
lank the transaction MUST be described in field 189.  TRANS-DESCRIP, and further explained in field 32.  MEMO-TEXT, if necessary. (Trans-Code & Trans-descrip serve the same purpose as \ldblquote Purpose of Disbursement\rdblquote  on Schedule B.)
\par 
\par \tab Field 16. AMOUNT-RECEIVED is included in the Schedule A Column A Summary Total, UNLESS 31. MEMO-CODE is also \ldblquote Checked\rdblquote .
\par 
\par \tab If another Federal committee is involved in the transactions, (i.e. Entity-Type = \lquote PAC\rquote , \lquote COM\rquote , \lquote CCM\rquote , or \lquote PPO\rquote ), the 19. FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER should be supplied (if known).
\par 
\par \tab If the committee making the contribution is a committee \ldblquote authorized\rdblquote  by a candidate (ie. Entity-Type= \lquote CCM\rquote 
 and field 20. FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER is left blank, candidate information (Name, Office, State, House District) must be entered.  (Note: Candidate District only applies to Congressional or \ldblquote House\rdblquote  (Cand-Office + \lquote H\rquote 
) candidates.)\tab 
\par 
\par \tab If 31. MEMO-CODE is \ldblquote checked\rdblquote , then the AMOUNT-RECEIVED is NOT counted on the Schedule A total that is carried back to the Summary Page.
\par 
\par \tab 34.TRAN-ID is Required for all Schedule A transactions.  It is a unique database code assigned by the filer database to each and every item.  The TRAN-ID is used by the FEC\rquote 
s database to uniquely identify any itemization that must be changed if a future amendment has an impact on that particular item.  Currently, TRAN-ID is required for Original transactions and \ldblquote Add\rdblquote  amendments (i.e. Amend-Cd=blank or 
\lquote A\rquote ) and is optional when Amend-Cd = \lquote C\rquote  or \lquote D\rquote . 
\par 
\par \tab 35.ORIG-TRAN-ID is Required if Amended-Cd =\lquote C\rquote  or \ldblquote D\rquote .  It contains the Tran-ID of the \ldblquote original\rdblquote 
 transaction that will be changed or deleted from FEC database.  It is Optional for Original and Add (Amended-Cd=\lquote A\rdblquote ) transactions, but, if given, must equal the Tran-ID.
\par 
\par \tab 36.SUPR-TRAN-ID Currently this is an Optional field.  If Amended-Cd= \lquote C\rquote  or \lquote D\rquote 
, this field contains the Tran_ID of the most recent transaction reported to the FEC database.  It either points to the Original (if no amendments) or to the most recent Amending transactions that is to be \ldblquote superseded\rdblquote  by this tran
saction.
\par 
\par \tab 
Note: To assure future compatibility with FEC electronic filing requirements, it is recommended that TRAN_ID always contains a unique transaction identifier (on all Original and Amending transactions), and that SUPR-TRAN-ID is used on all Change/Delete A
mendments.
\par 
\par END OF SCHEDULE A
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \tab {\b 
\par 
\par SCHEDULE B\tab 
\par }
\par 
\par    1.   FORM-TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = SB
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab .
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab Required (Filing
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Committee\rquote s ID)
\par 3.    ENTITY-TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab Required (see Entity Code list)   
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Values:   IND= Individual person; 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab COM= \ldblquote 3X\rdblquote  Committee;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab CCM= Candidate Cmte;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PAC= PAC;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PPO= Pol Party Org;\tab 
\par   \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab CAN= the Candidate
\par   4.    RECIPIENT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Required  (Person names must not
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab exceed 38 chars \{inclu. spaces\})
\par  5.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   6.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   7.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par  8.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   9.  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab (Format may include \lquote -\rquote )
\par  10.  TRANS-CODE\tab \tab \tab  \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab Required if Trans-Descrip is blank
\par  11.   TRANS-DESCRIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-40)\tab Required if Trans-Code is blank
\par 12.  ITEM-ELECT-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Values: \lquote P\rquote  \lquote G\rquote  \lquote R\rquote  \lquote S\rquote  \lquote O\rquote  
\par 13.   ITEM-ELECT-OTHER\tab \tab \tab (A/N-20)\tab REQUIRED if Item-Elect-Cd =\lquote O\rquote 
\par 14.   DATE-OF-EXPENDITURE(NUM-8)\tab REQUIRED
\par   15.   AMOUNT-OF EXPENDITURE(AMT-12)\tab REQUIRED
\par   16.   FEC-COMMITTEE- ID-NUMBER\tab (A/N-9)
\par   17.   FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab               Required if Entity-Type =\lquote CAN\rquote 
\par                                                                                                                or \lquote CCM\rquote 
\par   18.   CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par   19.   CAN-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ; \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   20.   CAN-STATE   (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par   21.   CAN-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office= \lquote H\rquote \tab 
\par   22.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   23.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   24.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   25.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   26.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   27.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par   28.   MEMO-CODE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Value:  blank;  \lquote X\rquote 
\par   29.   MEMO-TEXT\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-100)\tab 
\par   30    AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) \tab \tab Values: \lquote A\rquote   \rquote C\rquote   \rquote D\rquote 
\par   31.   TRAN-ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-32)\tab Required when Amended-Cd =\lquote A\rquote \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Add), or is blank (i.e. an Original
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Transaction).  Identifier assigned
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab by filer database which \ldblquote uniquely\rdblquote 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab identifies this item among all items\tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab reported by this committee.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Currently, this field is Optional if
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Amended-Cd= \lquote C\rquote  or \lquote D\rquote .)
\par   32.   ORIG-TRAN-ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-32)\tab Required if Amended-Cd= \lquote C\rquote  or
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote D\rquote .  Contains Tran-ID of Original\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab transaction that will be changed or 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab deleted from FEC database.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Optional for Original and Add
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Amended-Cd= \lquote A\rquote ) transactions,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab but, if given, must equal Tran-ID.
\par   33.   SUPR-TRAN-ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-32)\tab Currently this is an Optional field.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab If Amended-Cd= \lquote C\rdblquote  or \lquote D\rquote , this 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab field contains the Tran_ID of the
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab most recent transaction reported to
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab the FEC database.  it either points
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab to the Original (if no amendments)
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab or to the most recent Amending 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab transaction that is to be superseded
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab on the FEC database.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Rules:
\par \tab 
\par \tab If 10. ITEM-ELECT-CD = \lquote O\rquote  (Other), then field 11. ITEM-ELECT-OTHER must contain a description of which previous Election the contribution is associated with.  For example if the contribution is not for this year\rquote 
s Primary, General, Special, or Runoff election, the ITEM-ELECT-OTHER field should contain descriptive text such as: \ldblquote Debt 19xx\rdblquote .
\par 
\par \tab 
Field 14. TRANS-CODE represents FEC transaction codes.  This field is optional, but if left blank the transaction MUST be described in field 15.  TRANS-DESCRIP, and further explained in field 29.  MEMO-TEXT, if necessary. (Trans-Code & Trans-descrip serv
e the same purpose as \ldblquote Purpose of Disbursement\rdblquote  on Schedule B.)
\par 
\par \tab Field 13. AMOUNT-DISBURSED is included in the Schedule B Column A Summary Total, UNLESS 28. MEMO-CODE is also \ldblquote Checked\rdblquote .
\par 
\par \tab If another Federal committee is involved in the transactions, (ie Entity-Type = \lquote PAC\rquote , \lquote COM\rquote , \lquote CCM\rquote , or \lquote PPO\rquote ), the 16. FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER should be supplied (if known).
\par 
\par \tab If the committee making the contribution is a committee \ldblquote authorized\rdblquote  by a candidate (ie. Entity-Type= \lquote CCM\rquote 
 and field 17. FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER is left blank, candidate information (Name, Office, State, House District) must be entered.  (Note: Candidate District only applies to Congressional or \ldblquote House\rdblquote  (Cand-Office + \lquote H\rquote 
) candidates.)\tab 
\par 
\par \tab If 28. MEMO-CODE is \ldblquote checked\rdblquote , then the AMOUNT-DISBURSED is NOT counted on the Schedule B total that is carried back to the Summary Page.
\par 
\par \tab 31.TRAN-ID is Required for all Schedule B transactions.  It is a unique database code assigned by the filer database to each and every item.  The TRAN-ID is used by the FEC\rquote 
s database to uniquely identify any itemization that must be changed if a future amendment has an impact on that particular item.  Currently, TRAN-ID is required for Original transactions and \ldblquote Add\rdblquote  amendments (i.e. Amend-Cd=blank or 
\lquote A\rquote ) and is optional when Amend-Cd = \lquote C\rquote  or \lquote D\rquote . 
\par 
\par \tab 32.ORIG-TRAN-ID is Required if Amended-Cd =\lquote C\rquote  or \ldblquote D\rquote .  It contains the Tran-ID of the \ldblquote original\rdblquote 
 transaction that will be changed or deleted from FEC database.  It is Optional for Original and Add (Amended-Cd=\lquote A\rdblquote ) transactions, but, if given, must equal the Tran-ID.
\par 
\par \tab 33.SUPR-TRAN-ID Currently this is an Optional field.  If Amended-Cd= \lquote C\rquote  or \lquote D\rquote , this field contains the
 Tran_ID of the most recent transaction reported to the FEC database.  It either points to the Original (if no amendments) or to the most recent Amending transactions that is to be \ldblquote superseded\rdblquote  by this transaction.
\par 
\par \tab 
Note: To assure future compatibility with FEC electronic filing requirements, it is recommended that TRAN_ID always contains a unique transaction identifier (on all Original and Amending transactions), and that SUPR-TRAN-ID is used on all Change/Delete A
mendments.
\par 
\par END OF SCHEDULE B
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b 
\par 
\par \page 
\par SCHEDULE C - Loans
\par }
\par 
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab  \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = SC/
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab plus lines on the detailed summary page for \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab the various reports of receipts and disbursements.
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 
\par    3.    ENTITY TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (IND,COM,CCM,...) 
\par    4. NAME    (Loan Source)\tab \tab (A/N-90) (Expand to 90 chars)
\par    5. .   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6..   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7..   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    8..   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par    9.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   10.  ELECTION \tab CODE (P,G,R,S,O)\tab (A/N-1)
\par   11.  ELECTION DESCRIPTION\tab (A/N-20)
\par   12.   ORIG. AMT OF LOAN AMOUNT\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   13.   PAYMENT TO DATE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   14.   LOAN BALANCE\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   15.   DATE   (INCURRED)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par  16.  DUE-DATE-TERMS\tab \tab \tab (A/N-15)\tab (Date loan is due or other terms\tab \tab   \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab such as \ldblquote Due on Demand\rdblquote  etc.)
\par 17.  PCT-RATE-TERMS\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-15)\tab (Rate expressed to 4-decimal
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab places w/wo explicit decimal point
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \{e.g. .0500 or 0865 interpreted as
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 5% or 8.65%\} OR expressed as a
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab percent \{number w/ explicit %
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab symbol\} OR other terms such as
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \ldblquote Prime + 1% etc.)
\par \tab 
\par 
\par   18.   YESNO\tab (SECURED LOAN)\tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   19.  FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity Type = \lquote COM\rquote ,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote CCM\rquote , \lquote PAC\rquote  or \lquote PPO\rquote .
\par   20.  FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity-Type =\ldblquote CAN\rquote  or
\par                                                                                                                or \lquote CCM\rquote     
\par   21.  CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable  
\par   22.   CAND-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   23.   CAND-STATE (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par   24.   CAND-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office =\lquote H\rquote 
\par \tab 
\par 
\par 
\par 25.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote , \lquote C\rquote , \lquote D\rquote 
\par    26.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab 
\par    27.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   28.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par \tab RULES:
\par 
\par \tab The "XXXX" in 1. FORM TYPE above corresponds to lines on the 
\par \tab detailed summary page for the various reports of receipts and
\par \tab disbursements.
\par 
\par \tab The first digits of the record will indicate the Schedule and the 
\par \tab summary line number that it supports.  This also avoids any 
\par \tab possible overlaps in line numbers.
\par 
\par \tab Reference ID Number is REQUIRED and must be a unique number
\par \tab assigned to each Schedule C record.  It is used to relate Schedule C-1
\par \tab records (if any) to the appropriate Schedule C record.
\par 
\par 
\par {\b End of Schedule C
\par \page 
\par SCHEDULE C1 - Loans and Lines of credit from Lending Institutions
\par }
\par (Supplementary for information found on Schedule C)
\par 
\par 
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab  \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = SC1/
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab plus lines on the detailed summary page for \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab the various reports of receipts and disbursements.
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 3.   BACK REFERENCE TRAN ID\tab \tab (NUM-32)\tab REQUIRED  (Same as \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Ref ID on Schedule C)
\par    4.   ENTITY TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (IND,COM,CCM,...)   
\par    5 NAME    (Loan Source)\tab \tab (A/N-90) (Expand to 90 chars)
\par    6.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7.  STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    8.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    9.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    10.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   11.   AMT OF LOAN\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   12.  LOAN INTEREST RATE PERCENT\tab \tab (A/N-15) 
\par   13.   DATE    (INCURRED)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   14.   DATE    (DUE)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-15)
\par   15.   A1. YESNO  (LOAN RESTRUCTURED)\tab (A/N-1)
\par   16.   A2.  DATE   (OF ORIGINAL LOAN)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   17.   B.1. CREDIT AMOUNT THIS DRAW\tab (AMT-12)
\par   18.   B.2. TOTAL BALANCE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   19.   C. YESNO   (OTHERS LIABLE?)\tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   20.   D. YESNO  (COLLATERAL?)\tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   21.   D.1 DESC  (COLLATERAL\tab \tab \tab (A/N-100)
\par   22.   D.2 COLLATERAL VALUE/AMOUNT\tab (AMT-12)
\par   23.   D.3  YESNO  (PERFECTED INTEREST?)\tab (A/N-1)
\par   24.   E.1  YESNO  (FUTURE INCOME\tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par \tab      PLEDGED AS COLLATERAL?)\tab 
\par   25.   E.2  DESC  (SPECIFICATION OF THE ABOVE)\tab (A/N-100)
\par   26.   E.3 ESTIMATED VALUE\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   27.   E.4 DATE (Depository account established)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   28.   E.5 IND/NAME    (Account Location)\tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par   29.   E.6 STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   30.   E.7 STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   31.   E.8 CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par   32.   E.9 STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   33.   E.10 ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   34.   E.11 DEP ACCT AUTH DATE   (Presidential)\tab (NUM-8)\tab (Form C-P-1 only)
\par \tab Depository account authorization 
\par   35.   F. DESC  (IF NECESS. STATE BASIS OF LOAN)\tab (A/N-100)
\par   36.   G. IND/NAME    (Treasurer)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   37.   G. DATE   (SIGNED)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   38.   H. AUTH NAME   (Lending Inst Rep.)\tab (A/N-38)\tab \tab \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   39.   H. AUTH TITLE   (Lending Inst Representative)\tab (A/N-20)
\par RULES:
\par 
\par \tab If response to field 15 is "Y" field 16 must contain a date.
\par 
\par \tab If field 17 contains an amount field 18 should also contain an amount.
\par \tab 
\par \tab If any of fields 20 through 23 are entered all fields should be entered.
\par 
\par \tab If any of fields 24 through 28 are entered all fields should be entered.
\par \tab Fields 29 through 33 are optional.
\par 
\par \tab Reference ID Number is REQUIRED and must be equal to a unique
\par \tab number that was assigned to the related Schedule C record.  (see above)
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b End of Schedule C-1
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par SCHEDULE C2-Loan Guarantor Name & Address Information
\par }(Supplementary for information found on Schedule C)
\par 
\par 1.  FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8)\tab \tab REQUIRED value=SC2/
\par 2.  FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab REQUIRED\tab 
\par 3.  BACK REFERENCE TRAN ID\tab \tab (NUM-32)\tab Req.  (Ties back to SC/Ref#)\tab \tab 
\par 4.  IND/NAME (Endorser/Guarantor)\tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par 5.  STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 6.  STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par 7.  CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par 8.  STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A-2)
\par 9.  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 10.  INDEMP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par 11.  INDOCC\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par 12.  AMOUNT GUARANTEED BALANCE\tab (AMT-12)
\par 
\par {\b \page 
\par SCHEDULE D  Debts and Obligations
\par }
\par 
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab  \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = SD
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  plus lines on the detailed summary page for \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab the various reports of receipts and disbursements.
\par    2.  FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 3.   ENTITY-TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (IND,COM,CCM,...)
\par    4. NAME    (Debtor/Creditor)\tab (A/N-90) (Expand to 90 chars)
\par    5.  STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7.  CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    8.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    9.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    10.   NATURE/PURPOSE DEBT DESCRIPTION\tab (A/N-40)
\par   11.    BEGINNING BALANCE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   12.    INCURRED THIS PERIOD\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   13.   PAYMENT THIS PERIOD\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   14.   BALANCE AT CLOSE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   15.  FEC-COMMITTEE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity Type = \lquote COM\rquote ,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \lquote CCM\rquote , \lquote PAC\rquote  or \lquote PPO\rquote .
\par   16.  FEC-CANDIDATE-ID-NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab Required if Entity-Type =\ldblquote CAN\rquote  or
\par                                                                                                                or \lquote CCM\rquote     
\par   17.  CANDIDATE-NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable  
\par   18.   CAND-OFFICE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   19.   CAND-STATE (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable
\par   20.   CAND-DISTRICT\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab Required if Cand-Office =\lquote H\rquote 
\par   21.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   22.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   23.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   24.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   25.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   26.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par   27.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote ,  \rquote D\rquote 
\par   28.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par   29.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   30   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b End of Schedule D
\par \page SCHEDULE E Independent Expenditures
\par }
\par    1.    FORM TYPE\tab  \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = SE
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  \tab plus lines on the detailed summary page for \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab the various reports of receipts and disbursements.
\par    2.    FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 3.    ENTITY_TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (IND,COM,CCM,...)   
\par    4.NAME    (Payee)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90) (Expand to 90 chars)
\par    5.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7.  CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    8.  STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    9.  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    10.   TRANSDESC \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-40)
\par   11.  DATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   12.  AMOUNT EXPENDED\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   13.   SUPPORT/OPPOSE   \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par \tab (SUP=Support=24E  OPP=Oppose=24A   UNI=Unitemized)
\par   14.  S/O FEC CAN ID NUMBER\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)   
\par 15.  S/O CAN/NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par    16.  S/O CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   17.  S/O STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   18.  S/O CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   19.  FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab (If Entity-ID= COM,CCM,PAC 
\par                                                                                                                or PPO)
\par    20.  FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab (If Entity-ID= CCM or CAN)
\par   21.  CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab (Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable)
\par   22.  CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab (Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable)
\par                                                           \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote , \lquote S\rquote , \lquote P\rquote )
\par   23.  STATE    (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab (Reqif FEC-Cand-ID unavailable)
\par   24.  CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)(Req if Cand-Office=\lquote H\rquote )
\par 25.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   26.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   27.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   28.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   29.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   30.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par 31.   IND/NAME   (Person Completing Form)\tab (A/N-38) \ldblquote as signed\rdblquote 
\par   32.   DATE    (SIGNED)\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   33.   DATE    (NOTARIZED)\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   34.   DATE    (NOTARY COMMISSION EXPIRES)\tab (NUM-8)
\par   35.   IND/NAME    (NOTARY)\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)      \ldblquote as notarized\rdblquote 
\par 
\par   36.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote ,  \rquote D\rquote 
\par   37.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab 
\par   38.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   39.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par \tab RULES:
\par \tab If Field 19 = \ldblquote UNI\rdblquote , this record contains the amount of all Unitemized Independent \tab Expenditures.  Fields 1, 2, and 12 are required - all others should be blank or null.
\par 
\par  {\b End of Schedule E
\par \page SCHEDULE F - Itemized Coordinated Expenditures Made by Political Party Committees or Designated agent(s) on Behalf of Candidates for Federal Office
\par 
\par }   1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab  \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = SF
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab  \tab plus lines on the detailed summary page for \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab the various reports of receipts and disbursements.
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 3.   YESNO  (HAS FILER BEEN DESIG.\tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par \tab \tab TO MAKE CORD. EXPEND.)
\par    4.   FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par \tab DESIGNATING CMTES.  COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par 6.  FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)   
\par              SUBORDINATE CMTE
\par 7.  COMMITTEE NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90) 
\par 8.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    9.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    10.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    11.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   12.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par   13.  ENTITY TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (INC,COM,CCM,...)
\par   14. NAME    (Payee)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90) (Expand to 90 chars)
\par   15.   STREET  1\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   16.   STREET  2\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   17.   CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par   18.   STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   19.   ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 
\par 20.   AGG. GEN. ELE. AMOUNT EXPENDED\tab (AMT-12)
\par   21.   TRANSDESC \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-40)
\par   22.   DATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par   23.   AMOUNT\tab EXPENDED\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   24.    FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab (If Entity type=COM,CCM,PAC or
\par                                                                                                                 PPO)
\par   25.   FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab (Required if Cand Info not given) \tab                             26.   CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)\tab (Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable)
\par   27.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)               (Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable)
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   28.   STATE    (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab (Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable)
\par   29.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab (Req if Cand-Office = \lquote H\rquote )
\par 
\par   30.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   31.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   32.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   33.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   34.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   35   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par 36.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) \tab \tab Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote ,  \rquote D\rquote 
\par   37.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab 
\par   38.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   39.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  }
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par {\b End of Schedule F
\par 
\par SCHEDULE H1  -  Method of Allocation for Shared Federal and Non-Federal Administrative Expenses and Generic Voter Drive Costs
\par 
\par }
\par {\b   }1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab  \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = H1{\b 
\par }  2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par     3 .   NAT PARTY CMTES %\tab \tab \tab (NUM-5 ) \tab Blank or 65 or 60
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (up to 4-decimal places w/wo \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab explicit decimal point (eg. .60 or \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6500 interpreted as 60% or 65%) 
\par   4 .   HSE/SEN PTY CMTES\tab Blank or 65\tab (NUM-5 )
\par \tab MINIMUM FED %
\par   5 .   HSE/SEN PTY CMTES PERCENTAGE\tab (NUM-5 )
\par \tab ESTIMATED FEDERAL CAN SUPPORT
\par   6 .   HSE/SEN PTY CMTES PERCENTAGE\tab (NUM-5 )
\par \tab ESTIMATED NON-FEDERAL CAN SUPPORT
\par   7 .   HSE/SEN PTY CMTES\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab ACTUAL FEDERAL CAN SUPPORT
\par   8 .   HSE/SEN PTY CMTES\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab ACTUAL NON-FEDERAL CAN SUPPORT
\par   9 .   HSE/SEN PTY CMTES PERCENTAGE\tab (NUM-5 )
\par \tab ACTUAL  FEDERAL
\par   10 .   SEP. SEG FUNDS & PERCENTAGE\tab (NUM-5 )
\par \tab NON-CONNECTED CMTES ESTIMATED
\par \tab FEDERAL CANDIDATE  SUPPORT 
\par   11 .   SEP. SEG FUNDS & PERCENTAGE\tab (NUM-5 )
\par \tab NON-CONNECTED CMTES ESTIMATED
\par \tab NON-FEDERAL CANDIDATE SUPPORT 
\par   12 .   SEP. SEG FUNDS &\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab NON-CONNECTED CMTES ACTUAL
\par \tab FEDERAL CANDIDATE SUPPORT 
\par   13 .   SEP. SEG FUNDS &\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab NON-CONNECTED CMTES ACTUAL
\par \tab NON-FEDERAL CANDIDATE  SUPPORT 
\par   14 .   SEP. SEG FUNDS & PERCENTAGE\tab (NUM-5 )
\par \tab NON-CONNECTED CMTES ACTUAL
\par \tab FEDERAL CANDIDATE  SUPPORT 
\par 
\par \tab STATE AND LOCAL PARTY COMMITTEES
\par   15 .   1. BALLOT COMP PRES BLANK OR 1\tab \tab (NUM-1)
\par   16 .   2. BALLOT COMP SEN  BLANK OR 1\tab \tab (NUM-1)
\par   17 .   3. BALLOT COMP HSE   BLANK OR 1\tab \tab (NUM-1)
\par   18 .   4. SUBTOTAL-FED\tab  BLANK OR 1 - 3  \tab (NUM-1)
\par   19 .   5. BALLOT COMP GOV  BLANK OR 1\tab \tab (NUM-1)
\par   20 .   6. OTHER STATEWIDE\tab  BLANK, 1 OR 2\tab \tab (NUM-1)
\par   21 .   7. STATE SENATE\tab  BLANK OR 1\tab \tab (NUM-1)
\par   22 .   8. STATE REP.\tab \tab  BLANK OR 1\tab \tab (NUM-1)
\par   23 .   9. LOCAL CANDIDATES  BLANK, 1 OR 2\tab (NUM-1)
\par   24 .  10. EXTRA NON-FED POINT  BLANK OR 1\tab (NUM-1)
\par   25 .  11. SUBTOTAL\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par \tab \tab 19+20+21+22+23+24      (5+6+7+8+9+10)
\par   26 .  12. TOTAL POINTS\tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)
\par \tab \tab 18+25      (4+11)
\par   27 .  FEDERAL ALLOCATION PERCENTAGE\tab \tab (NUM-5 )
\par \tab \tab FIELD 18  / FIELD 26    (4 / 12)
\par    28.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote ,  \rquote D\rquote 
\par 29.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par    30.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   31..   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par \tab RULES:
\par 
\par \tab If field 4  contains a value all other fields must be empty.
\par \tab If field 5  contains a value all other fields must be empty.
\par \tab If field 6  contains a value field 7  must contain a value and 
\par \tab all other fields below field 4  must be empty.
\par \tab If field 8  contains a value fields 9  and 10  must contain values
\par \tab and all other fields below field 4  must be empty.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b End of Schedule H-1
\par 
\par \page SCHEDULE H2 - ALLOCATION RATIOS
\par }
\par {\b   } 1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab  \tab \tab (A/N-8)\tab \tab REQUIRED    value = H2
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par      3 .   IND/NAME     (Activity/Event)\tab (A/N-38)
\par    4.   YESNO  (ACTIVITY IS FUNDRAISING)\tab (A/N-1)
\par    5. YESNO  (ACTIVITY IS EXEMPT)\tab (A/N-1)
\par    6.  YESNO  (ACT. DIRECT CAN SUPPORT)\tab (A/N-1)
\par    7.  RATIO CODE (N,R,S)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par    8.  FEDERAL PERCENTAGE\tab \tab \tab (NUM-5 )\tab (up to 4-decimal places w/wo \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab explicit decimal point (eg. .60 or \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6500 interpreted as 60% or 65%) 
\par   9.  NON-FEDERAL PERCENTAGE\tab \tab (NUM-5 )
\par 
\par   10.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote ,  \rquote D\rquote 
\par   11.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par   12.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   13.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par 
\par \tab RULES:
\par 
\par 
\par   7.   RATIO:    Codes:\tab N\tab RATIO IS NEW
\par \tab \tab \tab R\tab RATIO IS REVISED
\par \tab \tab \tab S\tab RATIO IS SAME AS PREVIOUSLY REPORTED
\par 
\par 
\par {\b End of Schedule H-2
\par 
\par \page SCHEDULE H3 - TRANSFERS FROM NON-FEDERAL ACCOUNTS
\par }Note:  At least one record is created for each date on which transfers are made for joint activity.
\par 
\par {\b   } 1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab  \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    values:  H3
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par     3.  IND/NAME   (OF ACCOUNT)\tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par    4.   DATE   (OF RECEIPT)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par    5.   TOTAL AMOUNT TRANSFERRED\tab \tab (AMT-12)   6..   I) ADMIN/VOTER DRIVE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par    7.  II) TOT DIRECT FUNDRAISING AMOUNT\tab (AMT-12
\par    8.  III) TOT EXEMPT ACTIVITY\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab DIRECT CANDIDATE SUPPORT
\par   9.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Value=\lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote , or \rquote D\rquote 
\par   10.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par   11.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   12.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par \tab 
\par 
\par {\b End of Schedule H-3
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par SCHEDULE H3/DE- Direct/Exempt Fundraising Activity)
\par 
\par }1.  FORM TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-8)\tab \tab REQUIRED   value: H3/DE
\par 2.  FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab REQUIRED
\par 3.  BACK REFERENCE TRAN ID\tab \tab (NUM-32)\tab REQUIRED
\par 4.  DIRECT/EXEMPT CODE\tab \tab (A/N-1)\tab \tab REQUIRED   values: \lquote D\rquote = Direct
\par  \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab        \lquote E\rquote = Exempt
\par 5.  IND/NAME (EVENT)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par 6.  EVENT AMOUNT\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par      
\par RULES:
\par 
\par ?????6.  ACTIVITY/EVENT NUMBER (a FILER CHOSEN ID Number) ties directly to the defined activity/events described on Schedule H2.  This number should be unique for each event/activity described on the Schedule H2.  This allows the filer to identify activit
y and events by a self-assigned code number.  This would meet all requirements for identification as described on page 46 in the Campaign Code.\tab \page {\b 
\par SCHEDULE H4   JOINT FEDERAL/NON-FED ACTIVITY
\par }A record is created for each disbursement for joint activity.
\par 
\par  {\b  } 1.   FORM TYPE\tab \tab  \tab \tab (A/N-8) \tab \tab REQUIRED    value = H4
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab \tab \tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3.   ENTITY_TYPE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-3)\tab \tab (IND,COM,CCM,...)
\par         4.NAME  (Payee)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90 ) (expand to 90 chars)   5 .  STREET 1\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    6 .  STREET 2\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par    7 .  CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18)
\par    8 .  STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par    9 .  ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par    10 .  PURPOSE/EVENT \tab (A/N-38 )
\par    11 . DATE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par 
\par 
\par   12 . TOTAL AMOUNT\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   13 . FEDERAL SHARE\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   14 . NON-FEDERAL SHARE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   15 . YESNO  (ACTIVITY IS ADMIN.\tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par \tab \tab /VOTER DRIVE)
\par   16 . YESNO  (ACTIVITY IS FUNDRAISING)\tab (A/N-1)
\par   17 . YESNO  (ACTIVITY IS EXEMPT)\tab \tab (A/N-1)
\par   18 . YESNO  (ACT. DIRECT CAN SUPPORT)\tab (A/N-1)
\par   19 . EVENT YEAR-TO-DATE\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   20 .   ADDITIONAL DESCRIPTION\tab \tab (A/N-100)
\par 21.  FEC COMMITTEE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-9)
\par 22. FEC CANDIDATE ID NUMBER\tab \tab (A/N-90)
\par 23.  CANDIDATE NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-38)
\par 24.   CAN/OFF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1)               (Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable)
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Values: \lquote H\rquote ;  \lquote S\rquote ; \lquote P\rquote )
\par   25.   STATE    (OF ELECTION)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)\tab \tab (Req if FEC-Cand-ID unavailable)
\par   26.   CAN/DIST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (NUM-2)\tab (Req if Cand-Office = \lquote H\rquote )
\par 
\par 27.   CONDUIT-NAME\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab Name of person/organization
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab serving as transaction conduit.
\par   28.   CONDUIT-STREET-1\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   29.   CONDUIT-STREET-2\tab \tab \tab (A/N-34)
\par   30.   CONDUIT-CITY\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-18) \tab 
\par   31.   CONDUIT-STATE\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-2)
\par   32.   CONDUIT-ZIP\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-9)\tab \tab 
\par 33.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Value=\lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote , or \rquote D\rquote 
\par 34.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par    35.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   36.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }\tab RULES:
\par 
\par \tab EVENT NUMBER
\par \tab Field 10  relates directly to defined activity/events described 
\par \tab on Schedule H2.  This number should be unique for each 
\par \tab event/activity described on the Schedule H2. This allows the 
\par \tab filer to identify activity and events by a self-assigned code 
\par \tab number.  This would meet all requirements for identification as 
\par \tab described on page 46 in the Campaign Guide.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b End of Schedule H-4
\par 
\par \page SCHEDULE I
\par }
\par    1.   FORM TYPE\tab  (SI)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-8)\tab \tab REQUIRED value = SI 
\par    2.   FILER FEC CMTE ID\tab (A/N-9) \tab \tab REQUIRED
\par    3   Bank Account ID Number\tab \tab \tab (A/N 16)\tab (This is the Bank\rquote s Acct #)
\par    4 .  NAME of  (ACCOUNT)\tab \tab \tab (A/N-90)\tab (Must have non-federal in text)
\par    5 .  DATE  (COVERAGE FROM)\tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par    6 .  DATE  (COVERAGE TO)\tab \tab \tab (NUM-8)
\par 
\par \tab COLUMN A  TOTAL THIS PERIOD
\par 
\par    7 .   1.  Total Receipts\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par    8 .   2.  Transfers to FED or allocation
\par \tab account for allocable exp.\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par    9 .   3.  Transfers to state/local Party
\par \tab \tab organizations\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   10 .   4.  Direct state/local candidate
\par \tab \tab support\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   11 .   5.  Other Disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   12 .   6.  Total Disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 8+9+10+11     (2+3+4+5)
\par 
\par \tab SUMMARY
\par   13 .   7.  Beginning COH\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   14 .   8.  Receipts\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab FIELD 14  (LINE 8) = FIELD 7  (LINE 1) 
\par   15 .   9.  Subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   16 .   10. Disbursements\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab FIELD 16  (LINE 10) = FIELD 12  (LINE 6) 
\par   17 .   11. Ending COH\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par 
\par \tab COLUMN B YEAR-TO-DATE
\par 
\par   18 .   1.  Total receipts\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   19 .   2.  Transfers to FED or allocation
\par \tab account for allocable exp.\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   20 .   3.  Transfers to state/local Party
\par \tab \tab organizations\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   21 .   4.  Direct state/local candidate
\par \tab \tab support\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   22 .   5.  Other Disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   23 .   6.  Total Disbursements\tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab 19+20+21+22     (2+3+4+5)
\par 
\par \tab SUMMARY
\par   24 .   7.  Beginning COH (as of Jan 1)\tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   25 .   8.  Receipts\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab FIELD 25  (LINE 8) = FIELD 18  (LINE 1 ) 
\par   26 .   9.  Subtotal\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par   27 .   10. Disbursements\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par \tab \tab FIELD 27  (LINE 10) = FIELD 23  (LINE 6) 
\par   28 .   11. Ending COH\tab \tab \tab \tab (AMT-12)
\par 29.  AMENDED-CD\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N-1) Values: blank, \lquote A\rquote ,\rquote C\rquote ,  \rquote D\rquote 
\par 30.  TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)\tab (Add TRAN_ID...to Amended)
\par    31.   ORIG_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32)
\par   32.   SUPR_TRAN_ID\tab \tab \tab \tab (A/N 32){\b  
\par }
\par \tab RULES:
\par 
\par \tab FIELD 2  ID NUMBER is the ID number of the filing entity.
\par \tab FIELD 3   ID NUMBER is the ID number of the ACCOUNT.
\par \tab FIELD 4  is the name of the account and must contain the word "NON-FEDERAL".
\par 
\par \tab CHECKS:
\par 
\par \tab FIELD 12  (LINE 6)\tab = FIELDS 8+9+10+11     (2+3+4+5)
\par \tab FIELD 14  (LINE 8)\tab = FIELD 7  (LINE 1) 
\par \tab FIELD 16  (LINE 10)\tab = FIELD 12  (LINE 6) 
\par \tab FIELD 23  (LINE 6)\tab = FIELDS 19+20+21+22     (2+3+4+5)
\par \tab FIELD 25  (LINE 8)\tab = FIELD 18  (LINE 1 ) 
\par \tab FIELD 27  (LINE 10)\tab = FIELD 23  (LINE 6) 
\par 
\par 
\par {\b End of Schedule I
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }INTEREST GROUP CODES    (FECHECK ==> ED-CMTE)
\par 
\par C\tab CORPORATE             C\tab Corporation on F7.9
\par T\tab TRADE                 T\tab Trade Association on F7.9
\par L\tab LABOR                 L\tab Labor Organization on F7.9
\par M\tab NON-CONNECTED         M\tab Membership Organization on F7.9
\par V\tab COOPERATIVE           V\tab Cooperative on F7.9
\par W\tab CORP W/O STOCK        W\tab Corporation w/o capital stock on F7.9
\par 
\par Usage:  F1.28 FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: C, T, L, M, V, W
\par Usage:  F7.9  FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: C, T, L, M, V, W
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par COMMITTEE TYPES         (FECHECK ==> ED-CMTE)
\par 
\par C\tab COMMUNICATIONS
\par D\tab DELEGATE
\par H\tab HOUSE
\par I\tab INDEPENDENT EXPENDITURE
\par N\tab NON-PARTY NON-QUALIFIED     N\tab Other on F1M.9
\par P\tab PRESIDENTIAL
\par Q\tab NON-PARTY QUALIFIED
\par S\tab SENATE
\par X\tab PARTY NON-QUALIFIED         X\tab State Party on F1M.9
\par Y\tab PARTY QUALIFIED
\par Z\tab PARTY OTHER
\par 
\par Usage:  F1.12  FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: A-F (don't correspond w/ above)
\par Usage:  F1M.9  FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: X, N
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par COMMITTEE DESIGNATIONS     (I didn't find these on any forms)
\par 
\par P\tab PRINCIPAL CAMPAIGN CMTE
\par A\tab AUTHORIZED CMTE
\par J\tab JOINT FUNDRAISING CMTE
\par U\tab UNAUTHORIZED CMTE
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par CANDIDATE OFFICE TYPES   (FECHECK ==> ED-OFF)
\par 
\par H\tab HOUSE
\par P\tab PRESIDENTIAL
\par S\tab SENATE
\par 
\par Usage: F1.15               FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: H, P, S
\par        F1M.15,21,27,33,39      "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        F2.10                   "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        F3P31AL.25              "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        F57.16                  "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        F6.11                   "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        F76.11                  "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        SA.27                   "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        SB.24                   "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        SE.14                   "           "        "     "  "  "
\par        SF.19                   "           "        "     "  "  "
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par YES/NO   (FECHECK ==> ED-YN)
\par 
\par Y\tab YES
\par N\tab NO
\par 
\par Usage: F5.10        FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: Y, N
\par        F8.20,22,24,26,27,29
\par        F82.11
\par        SC1.14,18,19,22,23
\par        H2.5,6,7
\par        H4.15,16,17,18
\par 
\par X check-box  (FECHECK ==> ED-X)
\par 
\par Usage: F1.10,11     FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Value:  X
\par        F3.9,16,17,18,19
\par        F3P.9,10,11
\par        F3P31AL.28
\par        F3X.9,10
\par        SA.30
\par        SB.27
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par PRIMARY/GENERAL INDICATORS  (FECHECK ==> ED-PGI)
\par 
\par ACTUAL YEAR\tab For elections other than current election.
\par C\tab Convention   (OK in descrp when "Other") (Not OK w/ F3 filings)
\par G\tab General
\par P\tab Primary
\par R\tab Runoff       (OK in descrp when "Other")
\par S\tab Special      (OK in descrp when "Other")
\par 
\par Usage: F3.13        FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, 4-dgt Yr
\par        F3P.13       FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, C, 4-dg Yr
\par        F3P31AL.9    FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, C, 4-dgt Yr
\par        F3X.12       FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, C, 4-dgt Yr
\par        F5.14        FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, C, 4-dgt Yr
\par        F76.14       FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, C, 4-dgt Yr
\par        SA.9         FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, C*, 4-dgt Yr
\par        SB.11        FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, C*, 4-dgt Yr
\par        SC.10        FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: P, G, R, S, C*, 4-dgt Yr
\par 
\par        *  Convention not accepted with F3 filings.
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par CONVENTION REPORT (FORM 4)  (FECHECK ==> ED-CMTE)
\par 
\par COMMITTEE TYPE
\par 
\par A\tab ARRANGEMENTS COMMITTEE
\par H\tab HOST COMMITTEE
\par O\tab OTHER
\par 
\par Usage:  F4.9  FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: A, H, O
\par 
\par Note:  FEC_WORK F4.9 should be Committee Type, not Convention Type 
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par SUPPORT/OPPOSE (FORM 7)  (FECHECK ==> ED-SOP)
\par 
\par S\tab SUPPORT
\par O\tab OPPOSE
\par 
\par Usage SE.17  FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: [SUP/24E/S], [OPP/24A/O], UNI
\par       F57.13 FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: [SUP/24E/S], [OPP/24A/O]
\par       F76.8  FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK  Values: [SUP/24F/S], [OPP/24N/O]
\par 
\par Note:  FECHECK allows 3 options for "Support" and 3 options for "Oppose"
\par Note:  UNI means "Unitemized" when used on Schedule E.
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par COMMUNICATION TYPES     (FECHECK ==> ED-COMM-TYPE)
\par 
\par DM\tab DIRECT MAIL
\par TP\tab TELEPHONE
\par TM\tab TELEGRAM
\par O\tab OTHER
\par 
\par Usage:  F76.4  FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK Values: DM, TP, TM, O
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par COMMUNICATION TARGET    (FECHECK ==> ED-COMM-CATG)
\par 
\par E\tab EXECUTIVE/ADMIN PERSONNEL
\par S\tab STOCKHOLDERS
\par M\tab MEMBERS
\par 
\par Usage:  F76.6  FEC_WORK.DOC, FECHECK Values: E, S, M
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par DEBT SETTLEMENT CODE  (FECHECK ==> ED-CRED)
\par 
\par TYPE OF CREDITOR
\par 
\par ICV\tab INCORPORATED COMMERCIAL VENDOR
\par UCV\tab UNINCORPORATED COMMERCIAL VENDOR
\par CAN\tab CANDIDATE
\par EMP\tab COMMITTEE EMPLOYEE
\par OTH\tab OTHER INDIVIDUAL
\par 
\par Usage:  F82.10  FEC_WORK.DOC,  FECHECK  Values: ICV, UCV, CAN, EMP, OTH
\par Usage:  F83.10  FEC_WORK.DOC,  FECHECK  Values: ICV, UCV, CAN, EMP, OTH
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par CODES RELATING TO H SCHEDULES
\par 
\par A\tab ADMINISTRATIVE/VOTER DRIVE           H4.15  Value X
\par F\tab FUNDRAISING\tab \tab                   H2.5  H4.16  Value X
\par E\tab EXEMPT                         H2.6  H4.17  Value X
\par D\tab DIRECT CAN SUPPORT             H2.7  H4.18  Value X
\par 
\par Note:  Above codes are a series of X check-box fields on H2 & H4
\par 
\par 
\par SCHEDULE H2 ALLOCATION RATIOS  (FECHECK ==> ED-RATIO-CD)
\par 
\par N\tab RATIO IS NEW
\par R\tab RATIO IS REVISED
\par S\tab RATIO IS SAME AS PREVIOUSLY REPORTED
\par 
\par Usage:  H2.8  FEC_WORK.DOC,  FECHECK  Values: N, R, S
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par PARTY CODES FOR                 (FECHECK ==> ED-PTY)
\par CANDIDATES AND COMMITTEES
\par 
\par AIC\tab AMERICAN INDEPENDENT CONSERVATIVE
\par AIP\tab AMERICAN INDEPENDENT PARTY
\par AMP\tab AMERICAN PARTY
\par APF\tab AMERICAN PEOPLE'S FREEDOM PARTY
\par CIT\tab CITIZENS' PARTY                         
\par CMD\tab COMMANDMENTS PARTY                  (Removed)
\par CMP\tab COMMONWEALTH PARTY OF THE U.S.
\par COM\tab COMMUNIST PARTY                     (Old Doc was "M")
\par CRV\tab CONSERVATIVE PARTY
\par CST\tab CONSTITUTIONAL
\par D/C\tab DEMOCRATIC/CONSERVATIVE
\par DEM\tab DEMOCRATIC PARTY
\par DFL\tab DEMOCRATIC-FARM-LABOR
\par FLP\tab FREEDOM LABOR PARTY
\par GRE\tab GREEN PARTY                         (Added)
\par GWP\tab GEORGE WALLACE PARTY
\par HRP\tab HUMAN RIGHTS PARTY
\par IAP\tab INDEPENDENT AMERICAN PARTY          (Added)
\par ICD\tab INDEPENDENT CONSERV. DEMOCRATIC
\par IGD\tab INDUSTRIAL GOVERNMENT PARTY
\par IND\tab INDEPENDENT
\par LAB\tab U.S. LABOR PARTY
\par LBL\tab LIBERAL PARTY
\par LBR\tab LABOR PARTY
\par LBU\tab LIBERTY UNION PARTY
\par LFT\tab LESS FEDERAL TAXES
\par LIB\tab LIBERTARIAN
\par LRU\tab LA RAZA UNIDA
\par NAP\tab PROHIBITION PARTY
\par NDP\tab NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC PARTY
\par NLP\tab NATURAL LAW PARTY
\par NNE\tab NONE
\par OTH\tab OTHER                               (Added)
\par PAF\tab PEACE AND FREEDOM
\par PFD\tab PEACE FREEDOM PARTY
\par POP\tab PEOPLE OVER POLITICS
\par PPD\tab PROTEST, PROGRESS, DIGNITY
\par PPY\tab PEOPLE'S PARTY
\par REF\tab REFORM PARTY
\par REP\tab REPUBLICAN PARTY
\par RTL\tab RIGHT TO LIFE
\par RUP\tab RAZA UNIDA PARTY                    (Removed / redundant with LRU)
\par SLP\tab SOCIALIST LABOR PARTY
\par SUS\tab SOCIALIST PARTY U.S.A.
\par SWP\tab SOCIALIST WORKERS PARTY
\par THD\tab THEO-DEM
\par TWR\tab TAXPAYERS WITHOUT REPRESENTATION    (Removed)
\par TX\tab TAXPAYERS                            (Old Doc was "TXT")
\par UNK\tab UNKNOWN
\par USP\tab U.S. PEOPLE'S PARTY
\par 
\par Usage:  F1.18  FEC_WORK.DOC,  FECHECK  Values: (from table)
\par Usage:  F2.9   FEC_WORK.DOC,  FECHECK  Values: (from table)
\par 
\par Note: (The party codes have changed from the earlier Codes document)
\par       (Modifications made to FECHECK 12/30/96)
\par 
\par       Added codes:  GRE, IAP, OTH   (note new alphabetical positions)
\par       Removed       CMD, RUP, TWR
\par       Changed:      M-->COM, TXT-->TX
\par __________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par PARTY TYPES      (FECHECK ==> ED-PTY-TYP)
\par 
\par NAT\tab National Party
\par STA\tab State Party
\par SUB\tab Subordinate Party Organization
\par 
\par Usage:  F1.19  FEC_WORK.DOC,  FECHECK  Values:  NAT, STA, SUB
\par __________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par REPORT CODES    (FECHECK ==> ED-RPT-TYP)
\par 
\par 10D\tab PRE-ELECTION
\par 10G\tab PRE-GENERAL
\par 10P\tab PRE-PRIMARY
\par 10R\tab PRE-RUN-OFF
\par 10S\tab PRE-SPECIAL
\par 12C\tab PRE-CONVENTION
\par 12G\tab PRE-GENERAL
\par 12P\tab PRE-PRIMARY
\par 12R\tab PRE-RUN-OFF
\par 12S\tab PRE-SPECIAL
\par 30D\tab POST-ELECTION
\par 30G\tab POST-GENERAL
\par 30P\tab POST-PRIMARY
\par 30R\tab POST-RUN-OFF
\par 30S\tab POST-SPECIAL
\par 60D\tab 60 DAY POST CONVENTION
\par ADJ\tab COMP ADJUST AMEND
\par CA\tab COMPREHENSIVE AMEND
\par M1\tab JANUARY MONTHLY
\par M10\tab OCTOBER MONTHLY
\par M11\tab NOVEMBER MONTHLY
\par M12\tab DECEMBER MONTHLY
\par M2\tab FEBRUARY MONTHLY
\par M3\tab MARCH MONTHLY
\par M4\tab APRIL MONTHLY
\par M5\tab MAY MONTHLY
\par M6\tab JUNE MONTHLY
\par M7\tab JULY MONTHLY
\par M8\tab AUGUST MONTHLY
\par M9\tab SEPTEMBER MONTHLY
\par MY\tab MID-YEAR REPORT
\par Q1\tab APRIL QUARTERLY
\par Q2\tab JULY QUARTERLY
\par Q3\tab OCTOBER QUARTERLY
\par TER\tab TERMINATION REPORT
\par YE\tab YEAR-END
\par 
\par Usage: F3.12   Values: Q1, Q2, Q3, YE, TER, MY,
\par                        12G, 12P, 12R, 12S, 30G
\par        F3P.12  Values: Q1, Q2, Q3, YE, TER,
\par                        12G, 12P, 12R, 12S, 30G, M1-M12
\par        F3X.11  Values: Q1, Q2, Q3, YE, TER, MY,
\par                        12G, 12P, 12R, 12S, 30G, M1-M12
\par        F4.11   Values: Q1, Q2, Q3, YE, TER, 60D
\par        F5.135  Values: Q1, Q2, Q3, YE, MY,
\par                        12G, 12P, 12R, 12S, 30G
\par        F7.10   Values: Q1, Q2, Q3, YE, 12G
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par ITEMIZED TRANSACTIONS  (FECHECK ==> ED-TRAN)
\par 
\par 15\tab CONTRIBUTION
\par 15C\tab CONTRIBUTION FROM CANDIDATE
\par 15E\tab EARMARKED CONTRIBUTION
\par 15F\tab LOANS FORGIVEN BY CANDIDATE
\par 15I\tab EARMARKED INTERMEDIARY IN
\par 15J\tab MEMO(FILERS' % OF CONTRB GIVEN TO JT FR)
\par 15T\tab EARMARKED INTERMEDIARY TREASURY IN
\par 15Z\tab IN-KIND CONTR RECVD FROM REG. FILER
\par 16C\tab LOANS RECEIVED FROM THE CANDIDATE
\par 16F\tab LOANS RECEIVED FROM BANKS
\par 16G\tab LOAN FROM INDIVIDUAL
\par 16H\tab LOAN FROM CANDIDATE/COMMITTEE
\par 16J\tab LOAN REP FROM INDIVIDUAL
\par 16K\tab LOAN REP FROM CANDIDATE/COMMITTEE
\par 16L\tab LOAN REP RECVD FROM UNREG. ENTITY
\par 16R\tab LOANS RECEIVED FROM REG FILERS
\par 16U\tab LOAN RECVD FROM UNREG. ENTITY
\par 17R\tab CONTR REF RCVD FROM REG FILER
\par 17U\tab REF/REB/RET RECVD FROM UNREG. ENTITY
\par 17Y\tab REF/REB/RET FROM INDIVIDUAL/CORPORATION
\par 17Z\tab REF/REB/RET FROM CANDIDATE/COMMITTEE
\par 18G\tab TRANSFER IN AFFILIATED
\par 18H\tab HONORARIUM RECEIVED
\par 18J\tab MEMO(FILER'S % OF CONTRB GIVEN TO JT FR)
\par 18K\tab CONTRIBUTION RECVD FROM REG FILER
\par 18S\tab RECEIPTS FROM SEC OF STATE
\par 18U\tab CONTRIBUTION RECVD FROM UNREG.
\par 20C\tab LOAN REPAYMENTS MADE TO CANDIDATE
\par 20F\tab LOAN REPAYMENTS MADE TO BANKS
\par 20G\tab LOAN REPAYMENTS MADE TO INDIVIDUAL
\par 20R\tab LOAN REPAYMENTS MADE TO REG FILER
\par 22G\tab LOAN TO INDIVIDUAL
\par 22H\tab LOAN TO CANDIDATE/COMMITTEE
\par 22J\tab LOAN REP TO INDIVIDUAL
\par 22K\tab LOAN REP TO CANDIDATE/COMMITTEE
\par 22L\tab LOAN REP TO BANK
\par 22R\tab CONTRIB REFUND TO UNREG. ENTITY
\par 22U\tab LOAN REPAID TO UNREGISTERED ENTITY
\par 22X\tab LOAN MADE TO UNREGISTERED ENTITY
\par 22Y\tab CONTRIBUTION REF TO INDIVIDUAL
\par 22Z\tab CONTRIBUTION REF TO CANDIDATE/COMMITTEE
\par 24A\tab INDEPENDENT EXPENDITURE AGAINST
\par 24C\tab COORDINATED EXPENDITURE
\par 24E\tab INDEPENDENT EXPENDITURE FOR
\par 24F\tab COMMUN COST FOR CANDIDATE (C7)
\par 24G\tab TRANSFER OUT AFFILIATED
\par 24H\tab HONORARIUM TO CANDIDATE
\par 24I\tab EARMARKED INTERMEDIARY OUT
\par 24K\tab CONTRIBUTION MADE TO NON-AFFILIATED
\par 24N\tab COMMUN COST AGAINST CANDIDATE (C7)
\par 24P\tab CONTRIB MADE TO POSSIBLE CANDIDATE
\par 24R\tab ELECTION RECOUNT DISBURSEMENT
\par 24T\tab EARMARKED INTERMEDIARY TREASURY OUT
\par 24U\tab CONTRIBUTION MADE TO UNREGISTERED
\par 24Z\tab IN-KIND CONTRIB MADE TO REG. FILER
\par 
\par Usage:  F3P31AL.14  FEC_WORK.DOC,  FECHECK  Values: (from table)
\par _______________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par STATE CODES  (FECHECK ==> ED-ST)
\par 
\par AK\tab ALASKA
\par AL\tab ALABAMA
\par AR\tab ARKANSAS
\par AS\tab AMERICAN SAMOA
\par AZ\tab ARIZONA
\par CA\tab CALIFORNIA
\par CO\tab COLORADO
\par CT\tab CONNECTICUT
\par DC\tab DIST OF COLUMBIA
\par DE\tab DELAWARE
\par FL\tab FLORIDA
\par GA\tab GEORGIA
\par GU\tab GUAM
\par HI\tab HAWAII
\par IA\tab IOWA
\par ID\tab IDAHO
\par IL\tab ILLINOIS
\par IN\tab INDIANA
\par KS\tab KANSAS
\par KY\tab KENTUCKY
\par LA\tab LOUISIANA
\par MA\tab MASSACHUSETTS
\par MD\tab MARYLAND
\par ME\tab MAINE
\par MI\tab MICHIGAN
\par MN\tab MINNESOTA
\par MO\tab MISSOURI
\par MP\tab MARIANA ISLANDS
\par MS\tab MISSISSIPPI
\par MT\tab MONTANA
\par NC\tab NORTH CAROLINA
\par ND\tab NORTH DAKOTA
\par NE\tab NEBRASKA
\par NH\tab NEW HAMPSHIRE
\par NJ\tab NEW JERSEY
\par NM\tab NEW MEXICO
\par NV\tab NEVADA
\par NY\tab NEW YORK
\par OH\tab OHIO
\par OK\tab OKLAHOMA
\par OR\tab OREGON
\par PA\tab PENNSYLVANIA
\par PR\tab PUERTO RICO
\par RI\tab RHODE ISLAND
\par SC\tab SOUTH CAROLINA
\par SD\tab SOUTH DAKOTA
\par TN\tab TENNESSEE
\par TX\tab TEXAS
\par UT\tab UTAH
\par VA\tab VIRGINIA
\par VI\tab VIRGIN ISLANDS
\par VT\tab VERMONT
\par WA\tab WASHINGTON
\par WI\tab WISCONSIN
\par WV\tab WEST VIRGINIA
\par WY\tab WYOMING
\par ZZ\tab FOREIGN COUNTRIES
\par 
\par Usage:  All State codes
\par 
\par {\ul Code}           \tab {\ul Description
\par }     CAN          \tab Candidate
\par      CCM \tab Candidate Committee\tab 
\par      COM\tab Committee
\par      IND             \tab Individual  (a person)
\par      ORG\tab          \tab Organization (not a committee and not a person)\tab 
\par      PAC            \tab Political Action Committee
\par      PTY            \tab Political Party
\par      
\par      And....Only on Form 8 are:
\par      ICV\tab \tab Incorporated Commercial Vendor\tab 
\par      UCV\tab \tab Unincorporated Commercial Vendor
\par      EMP \tab Committee Employee
\par 
\par {\b 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}